00:00:00
Captain, and then you haven't gone back to see her because it is yeah, Because it is still like three in the morning, and you guys are trying to figure out what's going on with the boat. Cause there was your ship, the middle boat that no one cared about, And then the Mayweather, which had all the weird chemicals on it that you guys kind of knew of. Trouble, you can hear me, correct? Yeah. Okay. But can you hear upstairs? But can you hear everyone upstairs? No, but sometimes I see your teeth. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I think that's because of the way that she her head is angled. I think yeah, it's cause she's talk. She talks at us and not at Link. You know that you talk about him. He's a good dog, I love Link.
00:00:56
I'm missing. Are there any trulies or any blues left in there? There is this. What is that? And then there's this. Yes, I'll take the trulie. Hey, I'll take a trulie too, why not? Take the ones. Tina? Sure, you want one more? He's killing it. Thank you so much fun There's also a beer on the bottom shelf, I think Oh black cherry Oh black cherry Shh. I knew somebody was going to say that second It was like mm There was the alternate name of the boat. There is one beer.
00:01:27
Does anybody want the beer? Trevor. No, I'll FedEx it to you overnight. I've done a few games too, and it's like not what I thought it would be. Delicious. I'll pack it with ice. I have ice. Salute! Salute! Cheers, Trevor! There you go, that works too. There you go! Heyyy Mazzel Tov Mazzel Tov Happy first day of Passover.
00:02:00
So they, God kills all the kids. Yeah, we got to paint the blood when we go home. April first? Oh, firstborn, firstborn. Passover. Firstborn! You are safe there. I think it's only firstborn men. Yeah, it was only men. Firstborn! Oh, firstborn! Only the first born male? It was only the first born males. Oh nope! Fuck you! Damn! Tell me how you really feel? I just never met my brother; he'd be just dead. Oh no! They got him already. They got him already. Yeah, that's Passover. No man, Hunger Games out here. I thought I wrote a whole bunch of. Wait, when first day of Passover on April Fool's? Just kidding! Oh, I am sorry. What was the first one right? The first night of Passover? Yeah, I think so. No, What was the first thing? Or is that like Passover is when God came and killed those kids?
00:02:58
Right, yeah, and then it passed over all the Jewish kids. Was the last night painted lamb's blood on the outside of their doors? There was like the river turning to blood, and there's like plagues of locusts. The plagues of locusts frogs and stuff. Okay, Mayweather. I thought the first born kids was the last of the plague. Yeah, that's what we're agreeing upon. It escalated; it did escalate. I mean give everyone a chance ; that was like a good escalation. It was like right, it's like yo. Yeah, just let my people go." No, I your water's blood. Your water's blood. I let my people go. No, all right now it's show your son. Now I am coming for your frogs. Yeah, now it's frogs. Yeah, am coming for your frogs. No crickets crickets Well, Yeah, locusts. Yeah, Let my people go. No, i now i am going to kill your kids. I mean, that was any escalation that was a It was a solid escalation.
00:03:54
I feel like the people should have been saying something. I was like, "Well, they're like, 'Nah, that's bullshit.' I wish I could do that too." Be like, "Well," and then I mean, the dude threw the stick; came snakes. That's a d anD D move too. Yeah, only druids can get it. Doesn't she have her weapon? Can do that? My sword. I, can her sword can summon that exactly no. But there is a there is a i don't know if it's in the editions anymore, but like there used to be a Like, i was uh no. It was like a cleric spell you if you had a staff. You threw it and it became a snake equal to half your level. So, if you were like fifteenth level, it became a seventh level like large snake. But it was very much like a Moses turned stick to sneak. Give me snake stick. But now I think there is an actual like magic weapon that like it is a staff that turns into a snake. I wouldn't be surprised.
00:04:52
I am gonna find that and put it in the dungeon area. Just get it, why not? Um, I get all these like videos, like at four o'clock about like crafting stuff for your d anD. D. Every time it's like every time at four o'clock when I am like downtime at work, I am like oh, I am just gonna scroll on Instagram, and it's like, oh, you should make all these really cool things. I make this stuff on my table. I was just like, I got cardboard and whiteout. I could do this. Use what you can. Cardboard and a dream that's in it. Get that map over there. I am still waiting for that. That was the dungeon after we do, i'll make a well if you guys decide to go to the black spiral, that's up to you, We'll see what happens. I can make that a dungeon We got that ; Quattro is still checking out the ship. He was, yeah, yes, So I was going to wait till we. So you said we got to the ship.
00:05:50
No, you guys got back. So we just got back. You guys got back. He paid you the money, and that's where we kind of ended there. Okay, okay. Now we know you are still like, "Hey, thanks for the money." Cool. I'll see you guys later. Do you guys are going to go back to the dock? Now you guys can just go right back to the dock. The smoked eel tavern is not like it wouldn't be open at this hour. Like most of those places are closed. This isn't like Manhattan. Um so more or less, you could either go back to the priestess. Like that's an option. You could go back to the boat. Quattro is keeping an eye on the boat or the Mayweather, and that was it so far in terms of what's happening, right? Yeah, We found out the Mayweather's got all the stuff that's used for potentially cult shit. So, we wanted to. We were keeping an eye on that boat to find out. Can you make Quattro make a perception check?
00:06:47
We found out Santiago is bad at keeping an eye on shit, because he's super obvious. Yes, Santiago's the worst. Oh, And that's right ;. They were seventeen plus five, twenty three, three, twenty two Yeah, I mean, twenty three yeah He was right. Yeah not one of the real difference. Yeah So. Quantrill did peep uh two random.
00:07:18
Uh, harbor like laborers that were watching the Mayweather. Like similar to they were watching your boat till what's her uh, I forget her name every time Lisa. Yeah, or Lisa Lisa L Y S S A. Yeah, Lisa told them to leave because that's what you heard while you were listening in. Yes, but he didn't know Quantrill didn't notice anything specific.
00:07:49
Did you notice any movement, Or like you didn't see any, like just the same two people that we saw watching the boat? They're not the same two people, but it was clearly obvious like they were harbor hands. Okay, but he said it wasn't the same two people. No Santiago was really bad at keeping watch. Just a really bad stealth mission. All right, got it. Okay. So, I relayed a message to everyone else. There seems to be two other people that came by. Looks like Doc hands, according to Quantra. Did they were they moving anything? Like I am looking at Quantra, like were they moving anything? No, they were watching the boat. They were watching the boat. Okay, so nobody got in or off the boat? No number just no movement in or off the boat. All right, um, I guess what's the same thing with the deckhands on our boat? I mean like our crew? Oh your crew.
00:08:46
Uh yeah, I mean they kept an eye out. Um, you get back and. I have a list.
00:09:18
Nope. Um, uh.
00:09:57
Uh, there was Pavo, which was the cook. And what was there? Uh, the what was her name? Map lady. Yeah. Yeso yeah, so Uncle Pavo and Yisela Yisela Tideborn yeah, oh, she got a last name. Yeah. Pavo is the cook, and Yosela was up on deck. The two of them were kind of like they they had like last watch. Gotcha. So go up to both of them, or at least I'll go up to oh, wait, where would I see first? Would I see Yosela first or I see Uncle Pavo first? I would just ask him, "Report, Did you see anything weird sketchy out of no out of sorts with the other boat?" No.
00:10:57
It's kind of been all quiet. All right, I go, "All right, good work. Keep an eye out. See anything weird? Let one of us know." We have suspicions about it. Uh, sure. I mean, what besides like people getting stuff off the boat? What should we be looking for? Just anything that looks out of sorts. If they're moving anything big small just let us know, Or is it taking all the cargo because all those components are not good together? Just report everything exactly. Um.
00:12:02
Don't like that he's making faces, Trevor. He's looking at us. He's counting and then just went okay. He's he's really being chaotic today. He must have woke up on some sort of uh sitting here. Thinking wasn't Typhon also the cleric's last name? They related? Well, what have you said his name? This is like Elira Typhon or something like that.
00:12:32
Yes, yeah, guess it is also Tideborn. The priestess is the same last name. Jared just not being creative. Unless Tideborn is like snow and just everybody's anybody that was born by the water might be Tideborne Oh, it's just a bastard last name, that's what it means. They're just water bastards. They're all Atari. Oh, what do you expect? They live on an island. I mean, you know what? It makes sense. It was the Water Bastard last name, the Smith last name of water people. It makes sense to me. All right now has now become candy catch.
00:13:28
Not to be confused with the Tide Weavers family, we're completely different. See, not too much difference there. That's Smith and Smith with a Y. Hey, I am in agreeance; I am okay here. And then t here is Tideborne where the hyphen in between, like it's two separate names : Tideborne T Y E E B O R N E or the B O U R N E T here is all different tide borns Yeah, wait a minute. There is a tilde in there somewhere. I accept this fantasy dash name. I am okay. Moved to the island, they didn't hear my name correctly, so this is how they spelled it. See, it tracks. I am okay with this. If Sal was here, he'd be like, "Oh no, no." It didn't come through customs or right? See? It's another one; it's the underwater instead of underground; these tide borns.
00:14:20
I fucks with it. I fucks with it heavy. That's what happens with my my mom's family's last name. It was in uh Norway, It was Lilofus because they were like were farmers on like a land that had like a little waterfall. Yeah. And so when they came over, they were just like, no, it's too long. We're just gonna shorten it to Fuss So it's just, it went from little waterfall to just waterfall. Oh okay Okay I like that But it's pronounced but It's spelled F O S S so everyone goes foss and its its fuss But thats Fuss Like no fuss no muss? Because it was lil' fust But like when you don't have the lilla, it doesn't like seem like they're just like oh boss, like no, it's not. My name right now, I get to deal with Castellini and a bunch of other shit. My last name translates into Deerfield; mine's pretty straightforward streets. I like Ricky's last name Lamb, which means woods, and his first name is Richard, so he's Dick Woods dick woods.
00:15:19
I don't know why, if I became a lawyer, I would have Richard Woods as my legal thing. I'd be like Dick Woods at service. Why not Dick Woods, attorney at law? That's like a Marvel alter ego. So, All right, don't don't let the law get you. So So what time is it? Like three AM It's like three in the morning. So, all our missions have been late at night. We're in a crime city. We are the shadiest of the shady. We took a nap in the afternoon, went out on mission at midnight. And we're making space coke, wizard coke, not space coke. Oh yeah! I look at Macarius and I was like, "I don't know how much time we have until the next thing."
00:16:19
And I give him like the like the eyebrow wink. But before any of that, I have a question. So, right now we're back at the boat. We got information about the Mayweather, and it's three in the morning. Yeah, the person that we need to talk to won't be there until what? What time was the. what time would that something eel or smoked eel open? Probably you know like. Early new afternoon, like early early afternoon ish. You know, like when? No, like like they don't have like clocks right. Like clocks aren't like aggressively everywhere. Mid morning, midday afternoon. Yeah yeah, mid noon, okay, all right, cool. So we definitely have time to kill if anything, yep.
00:17:15
There is one thing that has been irking me. We have a ship that says "no loose ends," and there is that one chap, the friendly face that we have on the list. I'd like to pay him a visit. I don't know how anybody else feels about it. We were looking for him, and then we found the priestess well, She found us and probably thirty feet in the opposite direction, but we were looking for him. This is true. And I do need to speak to her and make some type of apology. I feel bad about whatever happened when I was not in my right mind, but I'll leave that to more daylight activities. Maybe a different subject matter. Let me see here. How does anybody how does everyone feel about that? Looking for that guy, because we know that he has we're familiar with the fact that he has some type of connection with the cult as well. They were paid directly.
00:18:13
In order to deal with us, apparently not much, but that is a loose end. And I point at the boat; we already know loose ends. So, we're just going to go and kill the guy who ran away from us. We're going to get some answers first, and then yeah, he doesn't have to die, But we do know that he does have some type of concert with the with the cult, if. Anything we know that he might have information on their whereabouts, you could join us. So, I mean, I've been doing the math. And like if we don't kill him, someone blows him up or they get the horse treatment because outlook isn't great. But all right, unless the cult's already got to him because they know he didn't succeed. The cult's got to him then; he's far gone past our means. But and I look at Bashan as a how about this :, we will do our best not to kill him.
00:19:12
Appreciate that, okay. Says the guy who killed how many people in like an hour? They were going to kill us. I am not he was too a pacifist. I, just maybe we don't chase a guy who ran away and stab him in the back. We'll wait for him to turn around and try to stab us again. And then we'll kill him. That's fair. We'll ask him questions first. We'll try interrogation. We'll try diplomacy. No, no, I see where you are coming from. Let's at least try. We will try diplomacy. Fair? But we get his stuff either way, I mean he's a patron of illicit goods. We need to take them from him. ;. It would be the right thing to do for the community for the community Bastion walks over to this stack of.
00:20:08
Pikes that salad. For the community, for the community. McCary's, how you feeling? Feeling good. How, do you feel with the I? Just want to make sure everybody's cool with the idea. I am okay with the plan now. Sal was a little murder hungry too, so he's probably okay with this right You wanted to kill Santiago. He was an assin in his past life, so you know, not even his past life; his current life, he is an assin. Just get some information and or eliminate somebody. So I can go or I can stay and cook some cookies, some food. You know what I mean? That's just like I'd rather have you with us.
00:21:04
You know, food and I do the air quotes can wait. That can wait for the morning. So, Jarrett, We want to try and scout out that like house that we know that he was hiding in, right? And see if we can find. I don't know his name. Can you give us one? He was just the big guy. Yeah, we have the friendly face that just wants to help. Yeah, um well you know the building he went into yeah Besides that, you can't. I mean, like it's not hard to get to. You would have to like just go through the town. Uh, you'd be able to find it pretty easily. Okay. Um. So I'll say this: if we all are in agreements, We'll go once we get like I want to say maybe a block or so away. I am going gonna have Quancho use the eye.
00:21:59
Mhm. And send the eye into the building to see if I can find him. Um, how would you send it into the building? I can as long as there's an inch, like a keyhole or anything, I can send it through a keyhole. Oh yeah? It's small, yeah. Hold on.
00:22:33
You created an invisible and vulnerable eye within range that hovers for the duration. You mentally receive visual information from the eye, which can see in every direction. It also has dark vision up to thirty feet. As a bonus action, you can move the eye up to thirty feet in any direction. A solid barrier blocks the eye's movement, But an eye can pass through an opening as small as one inch in diameter. Oh wow! Cat just getting there! Yeah! Uh, yeah, so I mean, like you could get it into a keyhole at that point. So yeah, I am going to send the eye in like and look through. Like I don't know what this house looks like. Yeah, but I am trying. I am having the eye like literally look for the guy. Uh, so it enters into the house. Mhm uh single story house There isn't um you know, the windows are kind of like boarded up and shuttered.
00:23:28
Sending the eye into the front door, you are kind of in a small entrance way. There is like chairs, a table. There is stuff on the table; looks like playing cards and like drink. And then it goes, then there is a wall and then a secondary door just like this. I think that's what you would look at, but imagine no windows. Um, and uh, you know, it's a five by take this size fifteen by fifteen. Okay, give or take fifteen by ten. Yeah, it's more rectangle than it is uh square. Mhm. Uh you don't see any anything in here. Okay. Um put if you could continue to eye forward right like into um.
00:24:26
So it kind of comes to the secondary door, and then you would just kind of like slip it, I guess, under the like the door frame. Yeah, So I have to just go underneath and do like a full view of that room, too. Looking around, you again see this room is similar in size. There is a back window; the back window is open. Um, as well as. There are like, like the room's a mess. More or less, it's just it's just a mess. Like things are overturned, um. And it looks like someone has like rummaged through here. Okay, uh and that is what you really see. So there was the front room, the secondary small again it's a small room, a back window like that. Like there is a large window that window was open.
00:25:23
There is no glass pane or anything, and then the whole room is a mess. There is things thrown everywhere. It just like like imagine if I just came down here and started tossing everything. Yeah, gotcha. Do I see any like blood? Do I see any um. Do you see any blood? No, you don't. You don't see any like visible stains on the floor. Gotcha. So from what I am looking at, I am trying to understand do I get an idea that it was.
00:25:53
Either somebody came in and was looking for something, or somebody left in a hurry. Like you know, when you are like, "All right, I am going on a trip," and all your just you throw everything in it and you just leave. Or and like you just make a mess that way. Or does look like somebody was looking for this clothes on the floor? There is shit that's broken. No stuff that's like all askew. Everything's like askew. Looks like there was a mess made, so it looks like somebody came in, just fucked shit up. Yeah, okay, so I kind of relay that message. So. As I have the eye going, I'm doing like the small illusion so you guys can see what I see. So you see me go through the front room, then we see me go through the back room, and it looks like looks like someone came and beat us to the punch. It looked like they might have been looking for something or someone. Don't see any blood, So it doesn't look like our friendly friend. Our friendly friend is was hurt here. But if he was here, he wasn't here for long. And seems that somebody came in after looking for him.
00:26:50
This house, it's near where all the short swords and heads are posted. Kind of, yeah, kind of. Are they still there? No. Okay. I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if they picked someone else off. I mean, you've got things that could get their personality there. You're not wrong on that one. So but I didn't see other There's, no people or anything not in there. No, just it looks like a mess.
00:27:21
If I just do a detect magic, nothing like flares up. No traces of anything. Um, how far does detect magic go? I mean, I have that thing that I can do things one hundred feet out. Oh, uh, no magic is coming from the building. From the building? Yeah. Okay. Can't tell what kind of magic? What would this be? Don't ask him questions here. ; he doesn't want to look up. This my whole character! This what I do! We're built for scouting and doing this bullshit. This is what we're good at. I can talk to people and I can find objects. That's kind of it. You are mad at you Most of my spells were like, "These are social skills, these are not combat. " Can't hit things like I am not here for violence. Irony We're not here. We have a few of us that are not violent based characters, but we've done some real violent shit. I can fuck you up in your head, but I can't actually.
00:28:21
I heard he was like, "I do more damage if you hit me." Nobody's hit me. I can put people to sleep. Abjuration, abjuration, yes, it's like shield magic and stuff like that and barrier stuff. So it looks like a tool messed up in there, but maybe it isn't. Well, you mean like an illusion? Can I check for an illusion? Sure. All right, I'll look now. It's probably no three four It's an investigation. So, I don't see anything. That would be a five. No, no, I can dispel it if you want the adjuration. Wait, so hold on, can we do a combined thing? She knows the school of the magic. I don't know if it's an illusion or not. We know Macarius can dispel it.
00:29:20
Can we try and figure out what type of spell it is? So, you said there's some type of abjuration magic on the house in the house in the house. Yes, okay. How um can we try and can you figure out like how close can we pinpoint? It's not the eye, right? I still have the eye. The eye is there, but we're also we're not sensing the eye, right? The eye is divination. See a faint aura around any visible creature or object in the area that bears magic. If an object was created by a spell, I learn the spell school of magic abjuration. I don't really get to know the actual spell as her gotcha So. She can pinpoint it down to a person or object, that's in this house. We know t here is no people so it's.
00:30:12
Radiating from some type of object in this house, can we try and find the object? Uh, well, it's in the house. You would have to be able to go in. Gotcha. Okay, guess I'll start walking towards the house. All right, We'll start walking on Keep an eye out. Just in case it's a trap too. For This is also prime ambush. We can try and surround the house. So we'll have someone go through the front door, someone go through and there's a back window right? Mhm. I've got the spell up for like ten minutes, so I can just beep. Gotcha. I am going to have Quattro stay outside, so across the street, Quattro's sitting keeping an eye on the front of the house. Yep, I'll go in group one. Whoever wants to roll with me to the front of the house and the front door, And then we'll have group two going through the back door, trying to catch a move in the house. So who's going in the back? Who's going in the front? I'll go on it front.
00:31:12
Alright, I'll go in the back. Cause if he starts to jump and run, I can chase him. Would you go in the back with him? Cover him? Cause if he's fast and chasing down, I know you can shoot him down. Yeah. Okay, so we got one two front, one two back. McCarrick's where you want to go? Do you want me to stay out and like keep an eye on the. on this up front or do you need outside or do I. cause I can go either way. Can go with the girls. Okay. So wait, where are we going? So wait, you're going where? I'll go wherever I'm needed. Okay.
00:31:42
So, I am on the front. You are coming in the front with me. McCarras, come with me in the front. You three go in the back. Sounds good. Three and three, three and three, let's go! Go team back door! Yep! It was right there. It was right there. I met it here! All right, so that's what we're gonna do. All right, so you are going through the front? Front door okay? And you are going through the back? Mhm mhm, Alright, so team front, and that is seven crystal and. And then back is we have Bastion, Celestine, and Hunt.
00:32:43
I like it. Car control, mage. So, yeah, makes sense. Yeah, you know, makes sense. I like it. Right? So go ahead. No number, okay. So how are you approaching? So we'll we'll do it like this. Uh through the front, everyone gets an action. So we'll go. We'll do the front as one round, and then the second round will be the back and then. Split like that, back front, back front. So then if something happens to the front, the back will have time to kind of like figure out what's going on. Something happens to the back, the front can kind of figure out what's going on. Cool. All right, all right. So I'll get put a drop. I am gonna look for traps, both physical and magical. Uh You can only it's just perception check. We investigate, i mean, i could do perception if you want well.
00:33:41
Physical is perception. Magic is different. Magic, you would have to know your arcana. I have an arcane. Yeah, I'll do the perception one if you want to do the arcane one. That works for me it's It's plus five for me either way, so it doesn't matter whatever I roll that's why I am like, "I don't care." So if you want to have a better. You have a better perception? Uh, My perception is plus eight. Yeah So. We'll let him perceive working. Yeah, so searching. Is perception and then uh no and to understand them is either investigation or arcane bingo. So, who's doing your I am doing arcane. He's doing perception. Okay, no, no. So arcane is to understand the trap. Okay. So so someone has to see if there is a trap. So someone has to say that's a trap, and then bet all right. So then my macarius is going to do perception. All right, mac go.
00:34:41
Not it. That's what I just heard. Oh, word. Oh no. What happened last session? You got last twenty. Are you rolling negatives? I don't know, you can roll that low. Well, he rolled a ten. You got a ten. Roll two. No, that was the April Fool's dice. I don't know what it is now. You don't perceive any traps from Macarius; you think it's perfectly fine. The abjuration is definitely not coming from the door, okay? I accidentally hit something.
00:35:36
So Mac is like looking through, looking at the door. He's like, "Nah, this door is perfectly fine." There is a front window, but again it is boarded up. Okay. Um. So some, if someone wants Jen, if you want to check the window seven, if you want to check the window Chris, will you even check the windows? I don't have very good for perception. So whatever I roll, it's a plus zero for it. So oh, man I'll look through the windows, okay?
00:36:06
Fifteen. The front window seems to have a trap upon it. Oh, snap! Yeah, You can then make an investigation check to know what manner of trap it is. Gotcha. So I, let you guys know found one right and I, just see like wires and gears and shit, like all right, I'll try to investigate. Investigate. Um, eighteen plus two thirty twenty. Um, It looks like this is clearly like a mechanical trap that if someone were to pull the window open, uh, it would spray like a powder into their face. Gotcha. Okay, looks like some type of effervescent trap.
00:37:06
You trip this, you breathe something, you either go to sleep or you never wake up again. Or you get the pox. Probably pox. All right, so we just checked out the front. I guess that's all of us did an action. Well, not Crystal then. Oh, would you like to do something? Um. I'm a little worried about that front door, You could check it again. Like You could go I'm not 100 % sure. The thing, So the thing with like traps and like checking is, you can't like if there's only like the group can't check one room more than once. Like, once it's been checked, like you can't keep going. Like, okay, I am gonna double check for traps. Roll again. I am gonna keep rolling until I get high enough. The belief is I checked once with my roll. And so we go through that front door, and we don't know. Yeah, you can roll roll for perception. We know we found one trap.
00:38:05
No, no, you can. Yeah, you can. No, no, you can't do it like five times in a row. Yeah, that's the rule. The rule is everybody does it once. Everybody does it once. Yeah, if everyone rolls a one, everyone firmly believes there is nothing going on in this room. Yeah.Seven. You were doubting it after finding the after we found the trap on the window you are like eh, maybe I should double check the door because knowing how there was a trap, maybe the door was.Uh oh.Alright.Uh The handle is loose Like the door handle It seems very loose.
00:38:35
Like it, like you, like it's set to like fall out. I like Jedi mind. Like the handle doesn't work, kicking the door. You know what? Fuck it, blow up the whole front wall. Breach this motherfucker as you say. I grub i can There is only one letter difference between "thousand" and "horse," so let's go destroy in the building. You know what, if it kind of sounds the same, it's gotta go. I got it. I got an idea for the next breach the windows. Uh, the food's here. Hold on. It's either estimated or it's here music down the block He said stoplight I'll be specific Don't know where to go. That yo bro. You know how many times apparently.
00:39:32
When Ian's home, he'll like Uber Eats at like two in the morning, like Taco fucking Bell. And, they're like the people you're getting at two in the morning, aren't the brightest or the most sober. So they're like coming and like he'll like tell them, "like Hey, call me. I'll come out and get the food. " They won't call him and they'll just like leave it at our neighbor's house. Yo! So then Ian has to like go outside and like look around to find it. Yeah, I've had to do that. Not at two in the morning though. We had what somebody I don't remember where from, no, but uh delivered on a bike. And it was like raining and like really bad out. Oh man, I feel bad for the car. Did they have that foil box on the back of the bike? Don't know if we see it, but. I've definitely seen like them running down the street and like a bike with a foil box to like keep all the food nice and warm. And I'm like yo, it's coming down like hard rain.
00:40:27
Or they have like the you'll see the bags on the side of the. It was it was that day it like opened up and all hell broke loose for like a half hour, like that like thin strip of storm that just came and like. It was bad for like just a little bit. Every person out in the street were just like, oh, fuck my life right now. We're like oh it's starting to let up. It's fine we'll order food and it's like oh he's coming on a bike. Like why? Why would you do this? Like I said, it wasn't very far, but but still, you know he got soaked. Damn. And then everyone has a hard time finding like our apartment. Like it's even numbers are on this side, there's a courtyard, odd numbers are on that side. It's not that hard. We're four ten, and then the place next to us is the laundry place, but it's like sixty two. So it's painful. Oh man. Just gonna get a neon sign So. Sometimes they don't know where they're going. Sometimes. You see they're in the parking lot, and they just stay there for like a good five minutes. And you're just like I will come out to get you.
00:41:24
Help. And then, yeah, Instacart groceries for some reason ends up at a random house that is not the same street, not the same number. Nope. Just close enough. The woman is lovely because she has come over a couple of times and she's like, I've even put like clear numbers on my mailbox, so they know because she apparently gets everybody's like bad mail. Ew. But she's lovely, and I am like, "I am so sorry." She's like, "No, it's not your fault." I am like, "Okay," just like right. So I think technically we're Marine Court, But I think technically, the other side of the parking lot, not the only way park is what's labeled as Marine Court. It's just the back of her house. But yeah, It sucks because it's one of those things where t here is a long driveway. And then t here is a house. But t here is also right next to it is like the driveway to get into the parking lot for our apartment complex, and they're right next to each other. So if you just go their way they're not labeled well.
00:42:13
What? We can't put like a sign there that says like, yo, this is the right one. You know what I mean? I even left instructions at the end of the parking lot. Our apartment faces the courtyard, not the street. Like there's explicit instructions if you bother to read it. They don't read. People don't read. And, then they do the thing because our our door is like slightly elevated a step Yeah They'll put the food right in front of the door. And like our door opens. Oh, so I can't. So I have to like do like the reacher out to try and move the food forward so that I can get to it. And we only have one door, so it's not like I can go out another door and go get it. This is the only door. You guys just jump out the window, you know? That's it. But like, yeah, Just get like a fishing rod or like a hook and just be like yo, Just put it on the fishing rod He scared the shit out of me unintentionally. He left his keys in the apartment and climbed in through a window.
00:43:00
But then I came home from work while he's at work and I, just see there is windows open, there is footprints all over the floor. He can drive. I didn't walk, I just climbed in and went to work. And I was like, did you like have muddy shoes? Was this you? He's like, oh no yeah that's fine. And I am like, okay, but it looks like because like the screen to the window was pushed up and am like. It's stupid easy to break into my house. And the fact that none of our neighbors said anything, I am like, "You are just going." They go, "I know who Rob now. There is footprints. There is a footprint on the wall." And I am just like, "Should I leave?" Yeah, to jump into the window. Oh my gosh! Should not be in here though. I am like somebody else might be in here. Had to jump through the window, and there is like some utility pole or pipe outside the window and make sure I didn't step on it. Break it man, dove in.
00:43:56
I am glad you got it and didn't break anything. Sorry, I just get shit out of you though. I was just like, like should I not go into the apartment? So I called him and he's like, no, that was me. And I am like okay cool. Man. Am my number stuff's missing? So if somebody did steal us, they didn't take it. Yeah no When in doubt, It's always me doing something dumb Nobody's stealing from us, not Robin Oh that's funny. I can't express to you how many bags of food Jesus! I also can't express to you my mom ordered, Regular tacos, but you also want sort of steak tacos. So the question is, did she get yours or did you get hers? We'll find out. Also, I don't know what people want. I got a burrito. That's what they want you to believe. I got a burrito. There's thing? Uh oh, what is that? That's a small one There's thing that's not labeled.
00:44:55
That's burrito. Thank you. Oh, BBR, who got the BBR? We have the eco-friendly stuff, but then we grab it out of the saran wrap, which is not eco-friendly. Who got the twelve res or the twelve right? Twelve right? Well, okay, So does I believe I know I believe what you are saying does E M R E S E M R E S That's probably the empanada. Who got empanada? Let me see that.
00:45:26
You got empanada? I got an empanada. Oh, that's my pupusa. Okay. Okay, so I'm gonna go with twelve res and ten. What did you get? You got steak taco? Steak taco. Okay. Oh, the guy just walked in right here. That's what they wanted you to walk in on. It's okay. Yeah, I also got. That's my torta, you know? Torta Oh God! Really? That's what. It's wet. I don't know what is that. Oh, it's for my my uh pizza. It's wet though. I don't like the way you're doing something like it's wet. Don't like it, put back this chips. Yay chips! Alright uh. So Jen, you do notice that the handle pulls off now we will flip to the back team, the back door team Woo!
00:46:23
Alright. The back door is going in hard. Uh, there is dips. I'm assuming for the chips. Dips for chips. Alright. Alright. What's my back door doing? Uh, we can hear them right like where. I mean, yeah, it's like it's a small house. You can audibly hear each other. Alright Can I does it come up close to the house does it? feel like it's coming from the back. Yes, in the house. Okay. It's not coming from the door or. No, that those are those are physical traps. Okay. Your. Jen, map before? Yep. Okay Thank you Um I guess I'll check the the other door and just see if if it is trapped The front is trapped, The back might also be too Check Check the back door Shaking it Do I get a thing for being a rogue? Wait.
00:47:22
I have these tools, but I don't know. Yes, that helps you unlock the traps. Okay, but not the tech. Not the okay, so just regular perception. Mhm. What? Hold on. Okay, fine. You might want either Glaze or Bashan to detect, because then you could use your knowledge if it is a physical trap to disarm it with your disarming. It'll do that. Who is good at seeing? So, who has perception decent perception One's okay. Yeah, I'll take a look. That isn't Macarius. Macarius, what are we looking at though? The window, the door, the door that was back there. Are there doors or windows back here? The window was open right in the front not a glass one. Well, the window on the back is open. The window on the back is open, not the front one, right. The front one had a drawer and an open back window. Yes.
00:48:21
So you're looking at a closed back door and an open back. Oh, sorry, right? Yes, but as you get there, you notice glass on the outside of the window, not on the inside. So glass broke going out. Mhm. Oh ten. I guess bashed it in and my car is hanging out. Okay. It's fine. There's nothing, just you know. Yeah, watch out for the glass. It's yeah, be careful about the glass. I think I'll probably distracted like looking to see if there's any tracks that like someone ran. Yeah, so you know. Okay Make an excuse for roll or rolls You want to check anything? Yes All right Well that real lookin' about to shit yourself Damn! Fuck.
00:49:17
I'm going to eat a full nova. Oh, I met a nova today. Getting mad because I feel there's more novas coming out ever since I named. I ain't never met a nova my whole life. Well, you haven't been paying attention, and it's like when you get a car, you realize how many other people have your car the Chevy Nova. True, I know there's a there's a thing for that. It's like um yeah what was the word for it? Perception. Another thing is, I still have never met one, but now I've met like, oh, there's one in my um Nova school. There's another Nova. She's older, right? When we were looking at daycares, there was another Nova. Then all these stores coming up named something Nova. I'm like you know what? Hey, hey, at least it'll be super easy when you go to Disney to get like those name tag things. I still can't find one that's spelled correctly. Christina? Tina is never there Christina if it is there it's with a CH.
00:50:18
Preston Christine those are all there I feel like Tina's a very Tina is common Trina. There's no Trevor's there is no Trevor's who was picking these names No no, they ain't no Fabio over there. Uh -. Uh definitely not actually Fabio was more likely to be there than Trevor if you go to like the European ones. Yeah, the one in Florida no I think he will retire. No, I was like, "Nah, I seen mad Fabios." Fabio's popular. It's really Latino name. I see Fabian more than I see Fabio. I work with a Fabian. Yeah, I see a lot of Fabians. Don't see too many Fabios. Have beef withFabian daily good, because there can be only one go ahead. So, you looked at the window in solid glass? He looked at the door first and did not do well.
00:51:17
Got a ten. Well, I'll look at the window. Not know what was going on with the fence. Mhm, that's solid check. Yeah, So that's perception roll was that eleven plus seven, seventeen, seventeen, eighteen eighteen nice You do notice that there is there looks like there might have been a trap here, but it was either activated as you got closer. Obviously, Tina, you saw the glass, but like Hop is looking more aggressively. You notice there's like a white powder, but just in like one spot on the window. Um, with that being said, there is glass; it's on the outside and not the inside, which is important. And uh you are assuming if there was a trap it had been sprung.
00:52:14
So I'll relay that. Now, mind you, It's like a three foot high, like it's like three feet off the ground or four feet. You know, he's doing climbing. Okay. Do you want to go in? Sure. Well, yeah, I mean I'll go in. It's fine. Scott's wondering or Thinking that either this is all illusion, is making it look like something happened, or this guy had a really bad day because he pissed us off. We killed all his friends and someone broke into his house. Okay, well if the door is a question but the window, the trap has already been triggered. Are you going through the window? Yeah, like or if you want to place me in.
00:53:13
But I can do my little radar thing and. Sure, you can go first. Sure. Twelve hit points. I have more than twelve. Do it, yeah? No, I'll help look at you. Okay, going in? And I am like taking a look before I like go and like land on the floor and like.
00:53:46
Hopping in, hopping into the window, make perception check. Uh, seventeen. Woo! As you start to put your foot down, You quickly rear it back as you kind of press, and it is a wooden floor. The floor feels like it's giving way. Floor is lava? Floor might be lava. So you kind of like press your foot down and you like. Catwoman asked, "Yourself into buildings before?" Um, I've stolen a lot of shit. Yeah, get it. You are happy. Get it. You are weak. I like how Scott and love each other and Celestine can't have it. They're like, "Yo, f this dude." Healthy conflict resolution is like yeah hundred percent Oh, you guys have to watch this.
00:54:44
There's one video I'll send it to you. It's uh, it's my favorite like skit. And it's like when you bring your significant other to a D and D, and they're not into you. And then like they start to like flirt with like this Rin, like it's the guy's girlfriend, but like her character is flirting with like the paladin who's not. And then like he's just like, you know what? Why don't we take a break here? And everyone else is getting super uncomfortable. I know which one you're talking about. I've seen it. Yeah, isn't that funny? Oh man.
00:55:14
She's like, "Oh, you got strong hands." He's like, "I do don't lie." And then everyone at the table is like, "I don't want to be here anymore. I need that X button." Yeah. All right. So Celestine as you kind of like put your foot in, you realize like the floor is like giving way too much. Um. Like you're kind of like stepping on something spongy. Is the floor where the detect magic is coming from? No, okay. It deeper into the room, but not in that area. Okay, I guess spongy would be the right, you know, like loose, like when you step on something like playground spongy type of no like rotted wood, yeah, like maybe like rotted wood or something like that. Yeah, got it. Okay, cool, but you're like I don't want to put all my weight on. This would be not so yeah, I'll communicate this to the team that the floor may not be.
00:56:11
Either might be trapped or just might not be structurally sound. Zero. Guy, like get excited? The little thing in your head, your worm thing? My worm. Your frog? My internal frog. No, it did not get excited. Is that what we're calling it now? This one was. I almost drowned with a sip of it. So in my mouth, God! Oh, worm thing, yeah. I'm sweating. Excited. All right, where are you at Trevor? We need you Trevor. Uh-oh, we need fantasy water Jesus.
00:57:10
I was gonna see what Jesus said. You guys definitely need some help with some Jesus. Here is some Aqua Jesus for you. I got some juice for you. That's the cool thing I got. Um, alright, cool. Is there like now that I am in here like is there like signs of a struggle or like it's just yeah, it's like messed up. Okay. It's messed up. Okay. Um. So you kind of like come in. Yup. Like, in my head, You put your arm onto the windowsill when you're using that to kind of like keep yourself onto like the edge of the wall. And like kind of parkour-ish. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh so you're not like stepping firmly onto the floor. Mhm. Uh. So now we're going to switch back to front because you guys kind of like got in everyone had like their action uh back to the front.
00:58:06
So, you guys are gonna reach the front. I feel like Crystal has beef with the house because it's almost horse. She's like, "If I hit an R, that's it." This house is too intact; it's gotta go. Yes. Um, want to take Jen to New Zealand? Take her to the France and pony. We feel something is suspicious with the front door. We know the window is trapped. Mhm. Okay. Can I. Is that what you want? Alright. So we'll tell everybody to just back away from the window. Mhm. I'm looking at it, I think I'm going to try to mace hand the window open, activate the trap Hundred percent! So, we're far enough away, so we won't breathe any of it in Yeah But. Then we can just open the window Hopefully.
00:59:05
That, yeah, that'll work. Well, it should work. That's what I all right So I get my carry, get my carries and crystal the back up. I am going to cast chain cool and just try to open the window. Does uh chain reaches for the window and pulls the shutter right? So the shutters pulls the shutter. You guys kind of like taking step to the left and to the right of the window. As you pull the shutter, there is like a force, like a physical force, like on the window. Like you know, like this it's definitely something's pulling. You pull it, you can hear like a "ps" sound. Like kind of like a string got pulled. Uh. And then like um you or you see just like and then looks like a white powder, just shoots out the front of the window. Gotcha.
01:00:03
In like a straight line, like so. If someone had opened the window, just right in the blast it in the face, yeah. Okay, I am looking at the white powder. Like with that later, I am not going to lick it. You have to figure it out later. We'll figure it out later. Definitely not fentanyl i look I look at Macarius, I look at the powder, I look at Macarius yo The first person who showed when they came out to train this morning someone doing a fentanyl Oh god.
01:00:33
Yeah, they have that one. Okay. I was happy. I was like, New York is healing. So like the window's open, right? Yeah. Okay. There is ironically there's no glass in this window. No glass at all in the window? No, not even like on the floor. Like there's like it looks like someone took the glass panes out. Okay Who wants to look inside?
01:01:06
Crystal, I can go. That's its perception, right? Sixth edition has come in.
01:01:37
Oh, there we go. Twenty five. There you go, that's more like it. Twenty five. There you do it. Um, I went to the healing days, the healing potion. So you look inside, you quickly notice that this front room t here is a table, Two chairs kind of set up Table has like stuff on it. Uh. One of the chairs is like put, like clearly people were sitting here at one point in time. Um nothing seems amiss. You could, you could probably go in at this point, but you do know the floor might be lava. Okay, I'll try. Well, I'll try to go in. Okay, McCarius pops himself up onto the ledge, throws a foot over making an acrobatics check. Oh, don't we have an acrobat for this?
01:02:35
I am holding up the mage rogue. What so we're back from the bathroom? Did you get eight eight? The carrier throws his foot a little too hard and he kicks the wall, and you guys can audibly hear him kick the wall. Oh shoot! God damn it! There is a footprint on my way to go. Like like like, he put like instead of like. Picking himself over and then like one leg over and like the other, he like threw one leg and then like hard whip kicked into the other, like his foot around. I have the name check go. But then you hop in right? The floor doesn't seem to be loose. Like compared to what Celestine said, the floor does not seem to be loose. Crystal good at least I didn't die. What would you like to do?
01:03:34
I'll enter. All right, so you pop up following in Macarius's footsteps. You try not to kick the wall as hard. I'm not kicking the wall; you just kind of pop up, pop in again. The floor is solid. You are in this room again; it's a small room, it's fifteen y ten long. You see the front door ;, you could peer over at the front door. And if you want, you could Try and disarm the trap there, or you can move to the back door. Remember, there is a secondary door that they would be going through, and that no one's checked out yet. Maybe the interior door interior Sorry, interior. No, no, I follow you. All, right. I will head towards the back door to check perception check. And then seven I am just going to give it to you that you hop up into the room.
01:04:33
Unless you really want to go through the front door, I am like, I'll give you the option to either just go in. What'd you get one? It's the first time and landed right on the line. Take a chance; it's coming in that door, guys. Sorry, she just goes to the door. She's like, "That store guys' doors fine." Don't worry about it; wall good wall good I trust yeah so you Uh, Celestine, you can hear the other room now. You hear? Doom! Dud dud. Um, so your assumption is they were in. They got in there at some point. Uh, we flipped to the back of the room. Bastion, Celestine and Hop, what would you guys like to do? Um, Celestine is kind of in but not all the way. Is there like furniture I can jump on?
01:05:32
Yeah, yeah, it's a mess. It's a mess. Like think of like like legitimately think like imagine this room just tore it up. Okay, I am gonna play floor is lava and like go onto furniture. Hop up onto like the sturdiest piece of like crate that's in there possibly. Yeah, sure, give me an acrobatics check fourteen. All right, Um not terrible, but I got a plus two. So actually it wasn't bad thought be worse. So you. You step up on to a crate. You hear a slap from the other room. Oh, good heavens! Um, you find that the crate is stable, but it's not as solid as you thought. Like everything like now that you are in here, seems like all the wood in this room.
01:06:31
Has somehow started to like rot or like rotted. Your foot goes through and you kind of like step into the hole, like on the crate. Like you step into it, you don't like collapse into it, but you step through the soggy piece of or the rotted piece of wood. And now you get this very strong whiff of soil. Floral or just soil? Soil, okay, like dirt, like wet dirt. Does the crate have like that? Like any symbols on it? Yeah. Weird fire symbol, yeah. Crate with the cult symbol. There is dirt in it. Get out of the crate! Fuck, get out of the crate! Uh oh. I uh we pick up Hop and Bastion. What you guys up to? So Celestine, let you know that the crate has a cult symbol that you've noticed uh way back before you set fire to half of city block. I am gonna hop up on the window.
01:07:30
I am gonna make it look like I fall in. I am just gonna fall forward and let my Crocs of climbing just step on the wall. Crocs are climbing, yes! Oh, right on the wall! Yeah, give her the finger. But I wanted to check the ground near the window and see if it's like? Is it rotted? Or is there like a door something to pull over? Like is there a. I am kind of looking at anywhere on the floor, if t here is like a trap door another way out of the building. Make a quick perception check.
01:08:00
No, no obvious trapdoors. Hops. So, you are kind of like on the ceiling by the, you are like the weird upside down kind of looking down. Hop, that's kind of what you see is Bastion has like climbed up in. He's looking down and like upside down fashion. Celestine is up on a crate and she's like, "Yo, there is dirt in this crate and it has cult to symbol." What would you like to do? Hop. I mean, I guess I'll go in as well. I am also gonna make good advantage of having the climb speed. So, you are gonna follow Bastion's approach and kind of like climb up on the walls, right? Does it feel damp in here or it's.
01:08:57
No, I really like the the wood and everything is damp. Okay. The It doesn't feel like it's damp in here, atmosphere wise. No, like yes, it's humid. You are in a swampy area, But this like this like imagine if it was like in there for a little while. Got it. I guess aside from dirt, do we smell anything else? I have been sprayed by decomposing cult people numerous times That's true. Does smell like that in here? That's what I was gonna say? Yeah If everything's wet. Like does it look like? He's like just exploded. Is that what blew out the glass? Don't make Harry from him get advantage on anything wet. That moist boy bullshit. I'll give you advantage on moist boy. All the boys, I'll give you advantage whenever dealing with moist or with boys.
01:09:55
That makes sense. That makes sense. That tracks. I will relay that, by the way. Yeah, I mean, smells like the decomposing cultist. Smells like teen spirit? Do, we see like the other side of the door that we know is a door? Yes. Is it basically just like a little two-room house? Yeah, more or less a two-room house. All right, let's guess I'll. Take a look at it from this side. Solid, you are walking upon the ceiling. Get closer to the door, make a perception check. There is Rogan, yeah, it's a nineteen plus Woo! It's trapped! It's trapped! All right, there is like um as you get to the door, look around. You look at the handle and you realize the handle on the back end is like larger than normal.
01:10:53
Like it, It remember like the old N, sixty four controller where you had to put the rumble pack in. Yeah, looks like someone jammed a rumble pack into the doorknob. Oh god, so think like a doorknob and the rumble pack like under it. Okay, well I'll pass that along that yeah, the door is trapped. All right, I am sitting here like done. All right, so this guy, What comes after us because we're here? We kill all his friends. He comes home and he has these traps set up already, or has he set them up since we got here? It seems awfully paranoid to just go around killing strangers that show up on his docks. Right, switch back to the front seven crystal macket crystal. You hear from the opposite side of the door hop clearly say, "Hey, doorknob's trapped," and you are like, "I don't believe you."
01:11:52
I checked myself. I rolled a one. Hop is clearly lying to me, so I just knock on the door. But you guys, Hop does alert you that the doorknob is trapped, okay? It's like a water park in here. Ironically, like your side is not moist; it's anti-moist; it's very dry in this room.
01:12:22
Yeah, okay. Kind of like a nun on Sunday. Ah, gonna go. All right, um, before we even go into something, Do we see like I want to just like scope out the room for anything that's like a mess? Um, anything of like interest? I'll look for if there is also a trap door or anything or like maybe if they got like a hidey hole spot and just looking for shit. Uh, that's like a so.
01:12:52
I'll say this: you could choose. So, okay, so you come into the room. You have your door, you have the table with chairs, and then the window and everything that uh And you are at the rear, right? Okay, that's kind of all that's in here. Got it? Okay. So if you were like look like, if you want to look around on the floor, it's perfectly fine. ;. It's just a general perception check. You could like, Doubly check to see if there is like any kind of trap doors or stuff like that. You want to check the table; it's perfectly fine. You can check the door; it's perfectly fine. All those are good options. Your assumption fairly quickly and easily to know is that the walls are thin because you can hear hop, got it? You can hear them on the other side; they can hear you, so you are not like these aren't like thick walls that probably. Gotcha! So we're not like we don't have to yell, yeah? We just talk.
01:13:48
Alright, so I'll let you guys know. Front door's seems to be trapped. Window was trapped. We got through that. We're in here and they're saying this door is trapped as well. Yeah, okay. So we have only gotten in through windows. We haven't actually opened any of these doors yet? Nope, not one door has been opened, nope B and E Solid D and D strategy: stay away from the doors, Don't touch them Seems like a lot of traps for stuff for something that we haven't seen anything yet. I agree.
01:14:18
Like, I am wondering, if t here is a basement or something that these people love the sewers and other underground things. T here is probably an entrance way down somewhere. Okay, I've got my reader up so. What's the size on the box of dirt? Uh, typical like great three feet by three feet or something. Three by three, yeah. Actually, it's seven. Yeah, it would be like one square. Gotcha. So, what type of trap is behind the door? Yeah, it looks like the doorknob is like the doorknob is trapped. You could just be like, "The doorknob is trapped." Yeah. Okay. Like I said, I didn't really do any investigation to see what kind of trap it was or anything. I just was like, "Nope," there's something there. Gotcha.
01:15:19
Because I could just try to mage hand it open, so I'll tell you guys hug the walls. That's on my carry, some crystal hug the walls. I stand a little bit away, like closer towards the window and just like not in like a straight line. All right, mage hand the door open. Uh, So if the door handle turns on your side back, what you hear, uh sorry on your side hop you hear a click, and then a whoosh sound. And on. The guy's side, the door handle unlock falls off. Like you turned it, and obviously like you go to like push it, the handle falls off, revealing a poison dart that shoots and hits the door across the way. So if someone had been opening the door, the handle would have fallen off and shot them in the chest. Got it going Going our direction or their direction? Oh no into your into front room into front room back room. You hear the click click.
01:16:15
And you knew what that was. You were like, "Oh, that was a poison dart trap." Um, so it goes off. Uh and and then the back end door ironically that large part because it's so large falls off too. The rubble pack falls open. Yeah, The rubble pack falls. And now the door is no longer locked. Like, yeah, you could kind of like just push it open same poison dart that we got shot at on the boat or different. Someone's gonna have to lick it. I am not licking it. So, seven unhooked it. Mac, You could use your medicine or your poisoner's kit to get advantage on checking the type of poison. Oh, I love that! I am sitting there looking at it like isn't that just a dog? You have to watch out when the hops like oh, it's poison! That's spicy! Yeah, hops like oh, it's spicy twenty one.
01:17:14
Twenty one, um, so this is the very common poison that you guys have been dealing with. Uh, and definitely the cultists have used a number of times on you guys. Um, ironically, it is laced with hallucinogen. Oh shit! Your lips are tingling. Mac? Can I get a hit of that? I looked at it back You tasted it? No, just a little bit.
01:17:44
In my head, Mac went like this: "Yep, poison." I give it a look like it was good. Like I give it a look like you're like, "It's good," like real quiet. But it has like a almond y smell, like almond y smell. And, then from just taking your time to figure out what it is with your poisoner's kit, it does give a trace of a possible hallucinogen.
01:18:14
Um, keep an eye out for those kinds of traps. Okay, we go. Oh, many smell arsenic; they're after my rats. Rats Crystal Ratchet uh Crystal, you can push the door in. See it was a trap. See no trap. See, she was right a hundred percent. She was that one thing like this place is a mess mess have we? Seen enough of it to know the guy's not dead on the floor somewhere? Yes, okay, yes. Like you are in the room, you would have seen a body somewhere. He's dead all over them. Yeah, I mean, surprise body bits—something left on the back. No magic? No, now still looking so crystal kind of steps into the next room. Uh, What you see is Hop like kind of like standing behind the door upside down uh. And then you also see Bastion standing upside down.
01:19:11
And Crystal Celestine is on a crate with like a hole in the top of it. Um, Is there anything you would like to do now that you are in this room? You can make perception. That's so weird. Why are you guys? No one's touching me. The floor is a little uh careful, little gross interesting because it was not like that in the front room, so let's see um, Are you sure? Can I roll insight trying to figure out what happened in this room? Yes, twelve. Uh, bad things. Excellent. Um, so it does look like things were thrown every which way. Crystal as you kind of enter this room.
01:20:10
You don't feel the ground being soft. Like, you remember, you guys are on the ceiling, so you don't feel the ground. She's not on the floor. They're like, "The ground is is soft," and you are like, "It is not soft." I don't feel it. Like here is solid solid. Oh boy! There is secretly a dragon turtle somewhere in here. That's actually one hundred percent true. The carrier is following you guys with a dragon toy. So, can I check to see? So, I'll give you what's in the room for everyone. I'll give you what's in the room so you come into the room, You see the large crate kind of near the window that you climbed up onto.
01:21:08
On the right hand, left hand wall. Sorry, no, it would be right hand wall. Yeah, because you are looking at like if I am looking at please. So on where Tina and Jen where you guys are on your side there? Like there is three broken chairs, uh a table that looks like it smashed the wall. Like you could see something hit the wall. There are playing cards scattered all over the floor on the left hand, wall in a small area. Um, there is. What, like imagine like a like a drawer. Mhm. The drawers are pulled out. Mhm. Stuff is flipped up upside down all over the floor. There's papers all over There's, an ink quill and pen or sorry, ink quill and ink bottle on the floor that has spilled, and in the center of the room is a rug.
01:22:08
On the floor, okay. Check under the rug. You can check under the rug. Sylvie likes hiding things on her rugs. She likes to be underground. Lift the rug as you lift the rug, two things happen very quickly: a loud voice says, "I was just trying to get you guys to listen," um, you know. It was the same thing he kept saying, you know, "have a nice day." So we could have a nice day. It's the same guy's voice. And then you hear. And everyone in the room needs to make an acrobatics, a dex check as it is a delayed blast fireball. Oh no! That was what she sensed: abjuration glyph of warding. Just a check or saving throw? Uh, it's a saving throw. Okay.
01:23:13
Uh, eighteen twenty one twenty one. So, four and one that's plus three for seven. Does that make sense? Ten ten saving throws plus six so ten. I guess I am healing a lot of people today. This isn't a thing I can throw a shield up for, right? No. Oh, fireball. You imagine? I'll be so bad. I hear pitbull and then there's just an actual explosion. Wait, what is this? Delayed blast fireball.
01:24:14
Well, it was technically a glyph of warning. Is that what it was? Yeah, fireball. Abjuration is glyph of warning. And magic mouth. You are so blessed. Oh, so you have both? Well, it was a magic mouth glyph of warning. So the moment he started talking, everyone was like oh this schmuck which activates the glyph of the sleepless fireball. So it keeps you listening, so the fireball can go off got It that's nasty I like it.
01:24:45
Can I do a counterspell as a reaction? Is this spell? Uh, it's a trap. As it counterspell, count no, because it goes off like instantaneous. You are gonna dispel the magic that was it. Yeah, like the spell is like you like counterspell is great. Like when you are dealing with wizards, which you will be dealing with more now. When you see somebody about to do your spell, your counter that versus grenade went off yeah I believe the lore of counterspell. It's a magic grenade, but it's like. Yeah, yeah. Believe, the lore of counterspell. Is that you know, this spell good enough that you can see what they're doing. Yeah, to cast the anti-magic word. So, you see them do the hand signs. ;. It's like this motherfucker's about to do a fireball! Nope, counter that shit! Yeah, that's literally what it is. You just walk up and just went boom! DC eighteen Oh, just made it twenty one twenty one.
01:25:40
I am very much blown up. Damn, that's a powerful fireball. Well, delayed blast fireball is a seventh level spell. Yeah, Not ten ;. They have access to seven level spells and eighteen eighteen So. You have uncanny dodge, right? I do now. Yes, so you take zero. I also take zero. You take zero. I have that other thing out whatever it's called but yeah in trouble Well, you were the closest to it because you lifted the rug up. That makes sense. Yeah, how much damage? As he just like lifting the rug up and then putting it back down, like nope. Take it back! I take it back! I am in the front, like what the fuck did they do right there? So, the average total number of dice is.
01:26:39
It's twelve d six. Average dice roll is forty two. So we're gonna go with the average. We can't go under the average, can we? Dice roll standard deviation is five. You could do whatever you like. Give it to the DM. Give it a roll. I'll say thirty five points damage. That'll be nice about it. That will over So just go. Uh Seven and Mac who are outside like, oh. You heard his voice, and now the room explodes. But there was a trap door; there was a trap door under the rug. Now it's wide open. Yeah, now it's wide open. So everybody got scattered in the room. Jen and Hop did not pass saves; they both rolled ten. Did they die? No, they took a lot of damage how How are they looking? Looking pretty.
01:27:38
You've had better days. On a scale from one to one hundred, what's your number? I like that. And I said I wasn't going to blow up the building. She blew up the building. Even when Jen doesn't try, she still does. And lean over to McCarty goes That one explodes things everywhere she goes." Isn't she like isn't she water related like your people? I didn't know fire was an element that they were akin to. Is the place on fire? I can't say because I also have a with fire. Okay, fair enough. I am always hesitant with magic fire. Does it light things on fire is the question Yes, right? It does it can.
01:28:37
Cause, like, fireball should be lighting everything on fire. It definitely is. I had dooms of fire. In that case, I am going to drop down on top of Crystal and try to pull her out. Okay, so the room starts to smoke; billows of smoke. Oh shit! Ironically. Oh, I am sorry you had advantage. So if you want to roll with advantage, see if you get a twenty. No, she got one. Good thing we rolled it out the way. Got that out the way. Um, okay, So Bastion grabs you crystal. And like literally moves out into the second into the front room. Um, Hop is on the wall. Smoking. Yeah. Basically cindery crispy, he's dried out. I am not a moist boy.
01:29:33
Crystal, you realize? Oh, sorry. Celestine. Sorry, Celestine. You realize where you are standing, like the room is starting to cinder and smoke, and things are catching, like other stuff is catching. Your box is not catching, and where you are standing is clearly not catching. Okay. Alright, I am going to. And my detect magic doesn't pick anything up. Not anymore, okay? Well, like from like the maybe area around the crate. Um, like t here is nothing magic keeping this area safe. Yes, okay. But no, I have to look this up. Give me a sec Like a religious thing? Ooh it's divine! Divine! I want to say divine. uh.
01:30:32
You could say divine. We're all like, "Yeah, it's god." It's magic. Unholy dirt. Yeah, I would say divine. I would say, divine, i I could probably look up the spell and give you the exact because they put everything in spell categories now, but I would say it's divine. Would it be something that I would know through? You could make a, you know what? That's dope. Advantage religion check. Fuck yeah. What do I have religion? Okay, I have two. Solid! Damn! Wow! Three to four! Yeah. It was like she didn't even try.
01:31:25
Yeah, you know it's my first time doing this, so yeah, it's your first time. Yeah, actually so so that's a uh six Mac. You can make a a religion check. Try to do something cool. Yes, you can because now Celestine kind of pinged me. I fucked that up trying to do something cool. She didn't channel her inner Mac does that no I don't know how to she had she had. I don't know how it works yet. I haven't read the instructions. I just tried to do it innately and Didn't work. You are prepared. I am going to an eight. Does it quite work the same? Twenty seven. I got it all. Nope, what do you get? How damn so Mac eleven, okay, so multiple things happen all at once as you are getting pulled out, you get like this weird like sensation and your sword.
01:32:22
Uh, starts to like vibrate or hum. Okay. Um, Mac, You pick up what Celestine was trying to put down, and she she was like, "Oh, something in here is like divine, like magical." You pick up on it; it's reverse concept. Deconsecrated, deconsecration. Yeah, reverse that. It's desecrated or desecrated. Yeah, thank you. Desecration. There we go. Desecrated It's like desecrated soil, and it's irradiating like this aura. That is like rotting. It's talking about. It's an aura of rot You know, necrotic orb coming off? Yeah, more or less necrotic I guess yeah yeah because it is natural.
01:33:18
It's rotting, but it's speeding up the rot. And, that's why that section isn't engulfed in catching fire because it is actually moistening everything. But that's what you pick up like her, that bond that you just picked up on works; it's a two-way street. You guys haven't put up toll roads yet, so just. Don't roll thirty four each other. See, your wormy thing is excited. That was no wormy thing. Sounds like a wormy thing. That was a cheese's thing, whatever that tether bridge thing is fucked up ritual thing, and that's why her sword hums because it can hear; it picks up.
01:34:13
Cause, remember, you have that magic sword that hears the worms and stuff. I thought it stopped communicating to me though. No, there was no worms; you just weren't near any. And then she activated an ability that came from because of the worm, so it started humming. But there haven't been worms nearby so you it's not you've been at sea. I mean, technically you might have. No, It's specifically those worms—the meat worms—not really like maggots and yeah—like you don't really get those guys. Uh, hop, what are you up to? As you are demoist. Yeah, I am moistening. So like, I'll say this: Seven and Mac, you can see like into the room and you are like oh fuck. Bastion comes out with crystal. Uh Celestine, you kind of do that thing. You are at the window. So you can like kind of just pop out the window, if you need to. Hop, what would you like to do? And there is a hole there is a trap door that goes down.
01:35:10
And were we like on docks and stuff? And no, this like land. Land. This land. This yeah, like swampy marshy area, but land. Okay, that was more or less what I was asking. Like under that would I like assume that it's probably like just going for the whole moist thing? And I just had like thirty five points of uh not moist damage. Yeah, you need to heal. Yeah, I probably should what What do you want? You can you should let me know that Yeah, like you could you could croak out of it. Right, I mean. Yeah, I don't have anything for. Ooh good, ooh a lot. Gonna bring that home. Need enough for lunch tomorrow. What did you get? You get torta?
01:36:09
Oh, okay. Yeah, I guess I'll go towards Mac and be like, "Hey, that's fun a bit." Yeah. So Hop comes out the room and is like, "Yo, I am bleeding here. I am drawing." Yep. I poke him and say, "Please don't poison me," and I channeled my divine um to my goddess and he He looks almost completely healed. He for twenty eight points of woo! There we go. I've got like Bastion and Sal are the only two people who probably have like a solid amount of hit points. I know he has a good amount of hit points. Yeah, as a fighter, he has a ton. Yeah, yeah. Um, okay, so choices.
01:37:05
House is burning. You said there is a trap door. There is a trap door. Okay, it's starting to smolder and burn. I am going to run towards the trap door. Can you open it with the mace? It's open! She blew it open! What do I see down there? Stairs, well, ladder, ladder? Uh, yeah, like the top of the ladder looks a little rickety after it takes an explosion, but ladder goes down about ten feet gotcha. And you can, uh, yeah, just dark. Gotcha. Can I ray of frost because it's an area of sixty feet to try and like get the fire out in this room? Uh, sure, you could do that as a concentration. So you are gonna like focus on like trying to like stop it. Uh, Mac Bastion pulled also uh Crystal out. Crystal looks anti moist too. A bad ass look like.
01:38:00
Our level of like, are you okay? It's like, "Oh, moist you are." It's like, "Well, you're something wet." I'm like, "Oh," but one hundred percent. I am like your bone dry. Yeah, bone dry. That's the problem. Make some saves crystal gear One of us. One of us get moist level that's in Vampire, the Masquerade thirty one No. But it's oh thirty one Thank you. Like almost, um, the way they set it up is like bruised, mangled, like wrecked. And then it's like uh paralyzed. Paralyzed is like the last one. Like you are like that's like that sounds about right. Like because like technically your character auto heals as I don't know, uh Trevor's playing a vampire game as I understand, but yeah, as I understand vampire, like you auto kind of heal over time. Yeah.
01:38:58
So you. You can take, like bullets. Yeah, it annoys you, but like doesn't. It won't like it might not put you into bruised. But like someone hit you with like aggravated damage. Yeah, aggravated damage. You'll start to go into like that, that spiral and is a death spiral, right? Because in vampire you don't really die right? You just go crazy when you take enough damage or whatever. Yeah, depending like you can like your character either goes into a blood frenzy or the. Or go into a coma. Topper, topper, topper. Where you are in a coma and then like someone highlanders you, then like that's it. Get it all right? So you said it's dark. I got night vision but I can cast light. Well, Like you look down and imagine going into your basement with like I can't like your flashlight on your phone. You are like oh shit, it's dark down there.
01:39:54
You still have an hour. You have whatever's left of that hour of dark vision, Three hundred feet of dark vision that I gave you because I gave you for an hour. Gotcha. I still also have the eye, so I can send the eye down there too if you want to, but again, like she's putting it out. Yeah, so she's making a lot of smoke and stuff up here. Got it? So I let everybody know like there is a trap door going in. Do it well, ; everybody know where I am going ; I am going to jump down to see what I can see right? Watch out for fireballs. You go down, uh, As you your feet splash into like there's like an inch of water down there. Mhm. Um, and it's much cooler down here. Uh, You could see it goes probably for twenty thirty feet, and then it branches like multiple tunnels. Gotcha Right So I like I like uh.
01:40:53
We've got a tunnel system that goes into many different directions. I am just looking at it like this is bad. I was like, "All right, can I look around?" And you said there is like an inch of water. Yeah, it's like yeah, like on the floor. Like, but it looks like it's like a weird sewer system. Or is it like hewn out of like earth? It looks like someone dug these, so just earthen tunnels are just going every direction. Yeah, yeah, this isn't a sewer system. Got it. I am weirdly enough. It ends here, like there is no tunnel behind you. Like you come down, you are like oh, I am either at the start or the end of a tunnel. Got it? Because right like if there were tunnels behind you, like they went in twenty in both directions. So it's like I just see like a path and it just branches off. Yeah, and he said t here is a lot. It's like six six different um directions directions Oh man okay um.
01:41:52
Do I see anything like in the dark? Nothing. All right. Um, you said this carved out of like earth, right? Question: You know, if you go into like a someone you start like stomping around, like you get like the it sucks your foot in mud. Yeah, like not just mud, like you might get like the suction from where your foot goes. Yeah. Can I look to see if there's any light tracks? Footprints? Footprints? Yeah. Make a survival check. All right. I mean, yeah, okay. So you are going to look down. You can be with uh dark vision; you'll see some footprints. I'll even i'll cast light just to make it easier. Yeah, like either way, You'll see footprints of more or less in kind of leading away from here, heading down the tunnel. Now it's up to you; do you want to start following those? The rest of the group is still above you; they haven't followed you down. Gotcha. I am just looking to see where they're going. Yeah, they're going away from the house okay Uh i don't know.
01:42:51
One of the six tunnels, do I get an idea of where it's going? You would have to follow it. Good, remember it's twenty feet. Okay, so it's twenty feet forward, then and branches off. Yeah, okay. I mean, I would go twenty feet. All right, sure. All right, so we'll go twenty feet. Okay Make a survival check that one Uh. Yeah, you look around and there are multiple different tunnels, and there are footprints all over Get it. Um, going and to and from. That's a frequently used entryway. Get it? So, like, I look around; it's like uh, nope. I make a U-turn and I go back right. And I am like looking out through that the trap door. It's just snowing; you are like yeah, yeah; it's very icy and cold now upstairs. It's much more moist. Are we staying? Are we going? Is this burning down? And, i lIke, i put my hands on it, and i let her was like is like.
01:43:47
Compatriots, there seems to be a tunnel system hewn out of soil, and there are six different directions. I can't make heads or tails where things are coming or going, but it's either coming from here or going from here. I'll let everybody know that. I was like, there are footsteps, but I couldn't tell which way they were coming or going. She was healed, right? Yes, and Crystal have both been healed. I am gonna i guess i'll leave through the front, But I am gonna run around towards the back and I am gonna just head out not terribly far, but thirty forty yards. I just want to see if I see any footprints of did something actually.
01:44:43
Break through the window and run, or is that a distraction? Or just want to see if there's any signs of something trying to get out that way. So another check. Twenty four. No, okay. All right, I'll pop back in. There's no tracks coming out the, so either the window's a decoy or this bomb's gone off before. But. Doesn't look like anything ran out that way. So, if he went anywhere, he went down and out. I don't know if we want to spend the night or the day going through tunnels before we go, see the witches, but well, it's nighttime still. It's like four in the morning right now. Yeah, it's like four in the morning or whatnot. But now I am having to kill the guy. See, he earned it. We tried when diplomacy fails, you know? Yeah, but I get so you know what?
01:45:42
And Bastion's ready to kill people. I look at it from this perspective, in all honesty. Like, is the room on fire anymore? No, she's kind of cleared it up. All right, So like from like the whole, like I am just saying this from like the ground towards everyone. Like let's look at our circumstance. We're trying to find the witch. We're trying to find the witches in order to ask them where we're um where Sylvie as well as the cult is and what type of house. They have on this island, and also they get a body for it to try and cure. Oh, yeah, they're trying to cure. So we need to ask them that. So that's one thing. If we can find this guy, We might be able to get the information out of him to, at least find out where the location of the cult is, since we know that they have some type of ties. And since we know that they have that crate with the insignia on it.
01:46:39
We know that he has some type of relationship with the cult, right? So, we can try and see what we can find out in these holes if we wish. It is three or four in the morning, three or four in the morning, or something like it's it's deep evening. We know we have time before we can find the mistress tomorrow because it won't be till midday. Yeah, so we do have time in order to do so. But I won't move on if you guys aren't comfortable with this. Did The rug that was over the trap door, was it like neatly set or was it like. Oh, it was like a flat rug. Okay, so whoever went into the tunnels last, somebody stayed up top to cover it up. There is no tracks coming out. No, I am going to assume that most of the time they enter and exit this place through the tunnel. They're smuggling something or they're storing something here. If there is a rug over that, just somebody had to put the rug on top of the trap door.
01:47:39
Yeah. Like probably the person that was top side might have been the person that locked all the traps. So that means they activated the front door, act um, they set something for the front door, they set something for the inside door, they set something for the back door, They set something for the window, and they set this, and they made a decoy to make it look like they smashed the window. Mhm. So, they either knew somebody might be here and put a bunch of weights to deter them, or if someone was still here, they're burnt now. Either burnt or long gone. There is no like second floor of this, right? No, no. So I look at it as we can try and see what we can find here in the tunnels, Or we can head back and wait to speak to the mistress in the morning. We got time to kill; might as well check it out.
01:48:34
They clearly didn't want us to find it, so they did go through all this trouble. Oh, yeah, sure, whatever. Mac good. All right, uh the group kind of goes down into the tunnels. Um so seven, you kind of like look around you bring them up to that twenty foot span, right? Um So, we're going to go around who wants to do what? Bastion, what would you like to do? Take out the bell. I put it in my hand. I said, "The guy went that way." He went that way. Fuck no! I know, I know it doesn't. I look at this and look at goes where the chef is might ring, right? Because theoretically you are not sure so you could be lying to us. It might either ring every time or ring none of the times right? Um.
01:49:33
I guess, can I use insight? Are there any tunnels that I can like be like didn't go that way too small, too short. Um, yeah. That's actually pretty interesting. Twenty out of the six, you notice that the like, so six here is the hey I hand you yeah. So coming from my wrist and just make believe there is an extra finger there. Um. You notice the ring finger and the extra finger, uh, seem to not be. The best options like that like the one of them looks. Not worn, but like it looks like it, you know when like you don't take care of something. The, it looks like it hasn't been used in a bit has been maintained. Yeah, gotcha. Okay, all right, Mac, what would you like to do?
01:50:31
And again, you guys are splashing around. There is like a inch of water down here. The water, what kind of water is it? Is it saltwater? Or is it just from the ground? Or is there like a way that we can tell if one like where it's anything going towards the ocean or make a nature check? Or do you have like sense water or like feel water? Nature feels right, yeah. Nature or survival, either one works. Is that max version of Tetris? Yeah, let's play nature. Oh yeah, we're going survival eighteen. Uh, it's salt water. Okay, so it's definitely like salt water. Um.
01:51:34
You do, and it's cold. It's not like that ground cold; like it's like cold, okay? Like, there is a difference of like water that's been like sitting there for a little while that's cold due to ambient temperature. Got it. This is like cold. I take out my notebook, I rip out a piece of paper, I just let it sit on the water. Does it go anywhere? There is no wind, yeah, but is there no wind right? But is there any. Uh, you do notice that the middle finger and my pinky finger. Remember, you guys are coming this way; you'd be here. Uh, the water is going towards my thumb like it's slowly moving. You can notice that the water is kind of there'd be a push towards that direction. Okay, uh, so I mean that's where the current's going; it's not necessarily everyone's.
01:52:33
going. Well, the current's pushing towards my thumb. No, I know, but that doesn't necessarily mean that's the direction that people. We killed all his friends, blew his house. I can't imagine he wants to stick around. I am wondering if this heads towards the ocean, if that's a route out of here. Maybe this will be his escape route. Well, We've got that or three other tunnels to try just Sorry just Just to be clear, right? You put the paper down, and it's. Moving away in that direction, okay? So it's not being. yeah, okay. So we're looking to go after him and not Sylvie right now, unless we happen to find. Well, if we find him, it's possible that he could lead us to Sylvie and the cult. Okay. Because, we know he's working directly with the cult and Sylvie's part of the cult, right? Yes.
01:53:31
Okay, so if we can find out who is connected, that might lead us directly to Sylvia. Which is why this is one of the quickest leads we have right now to get the information versus waiting till tomorrow to ask the madam to force her talk to the witches and then deal with that situation. It would help if we already knew some stuff before we talked to them too. Bingo! Don't need asking for more information; better they say knowledge is power. I mean, you guys could split up. We've left putting the party. Six tunnels, six of us sounds perfect. I mean, we're down to what four tunnels with four right? Four tunnels. We could do that going like a certain number of paces. As you say, I can book down one. Can you send the eye down another? Sure. We'll come back in three minutes. All right. Shen, do you have anything? I would not separate what.
01:54:30
Just about fifty feet down and then come back. Sure, yeah. Just to get initial. I can just send an eye to look right now. True, all right. Can the eye go down each one? It can go down one at a time. Yeah, well, yeah How far can it go down? As far as I want, as long as it's on the same plane as me, it can just keep going How tall was this guy? Human Compared to the height of these tunnels, It's about human height, okay? Like head hitting the top of the tunnel. No, no, you got like a good maybe like four or five inches. I was going to see if t here is any like grooves in like this. You have everything hop you have survival tracking licking the floor. I mean licking lick the hole go for survival. Got a seven pet It's wet, yeah.
01:55:28
You are now feeling much more moist down here. I am just focused on that. You feel better, getting a little soul scrub in, yeah? Does you know anything? I was just thinking we were going to send the quiet down. Do we know how long any of these tunnels? We don't know how long they are. I am going to i'll go down the one where the water, the piece of paper is moving. I think i'll send the eye down that way following the current. Following the current, I'll do the next one. I'll be back in a minute, but that way we just do it a time. Hold on, we're going to do two. All right, I can magic action put um summon on what you call it Quattro and send him down a second one. Now he's not watching us from outside. We just brought attention to ourselves either way.
01:56:26
Um, send in Quattro. Mhm. And I'll send him down the second hallway. So I have the Eye going down one, and Quattro going down the second one. Okay. So we got two at a time. Okay. Quattro must love being in a tunnel.I don't think he likes it, but is what is.So we can at least try to scout out two at a time.Mhm.Okay, so. No.No?No 'cause Quattro is using the Eye.Okay. So Quattro can't do something while he's using the eye. Yeah, he can. No, the eye is the concentration. You can concentrate doesn't mean you can't do anything. It's a spell and oh, and the eye actually doesn't have concentration it. The item that I have does not have concentration it. No, are you telling me yes or asking me this? No, I am telling you the item to be used for Quattro.
01:57:24
He can't do something else. He cannot, so it's either he is scouting or he's using the other. I'll just go down the other channel; this is easier. That's how it works with Quantrill because pets cannot use magical items. We talked about this; he's using the magical item because that's how you rule, yeah, that's way it is. I'll send eye down door; yeah, I'll leave Quantrill up top on the outside. Uh So the eye goes follows the water.
01:57:55
And then how how far can it go? Just infinite, as long as it's on the same plane of existence as me, I can find it. Okay, uh, So the eye goes, and then uh, you actually start to see light coming from the ceiling. Quadro sees light from the ceiling. Okay. Um, the tunnel keeps going but there is like light coming from the ceiling. Okay. So wait, you said there is light coming from the ceiling? Yes. Like a beam of light? No, like light, like like imagine like there is like dim light coming from the ceiling. Okay. I'll go towards it. Okay. Like maybe somewhere else that had like a bioluminescent thing going on? No, no, no. This is like light, like imagine like.
01:58:52
If you were under the table and then someone put like, is it like so so I can better understand? Is it like light going through like a floorboard? Is it like kind of like that, but it's dim, like dim light is coming from the ceiling. Alright, so they don't have to go towards where the light's coming from. Yeah. Alright. Uh, So having the light go up out um So it goes up. And then it would yeah It would just go through. Floorboard, right? It just go through the floorboard. Pop up kids' room. Yeah, so it pops up through floorboards and it's in a warehouse. Instead of warehouse, yeah. Does it look like the same warehouse where they were having that meeting? No, not not well, yeah. It looks like a warehouse. Looks like a warehouse, okay? Like yes no Not the same one but yes okay.
01:59:53
The tunnel does keep going, though, mind you. Like this was just like kind of like a first stop. Yeah, wait, do I see anything there? Um, so you kind of have it like pop up. Yeah, looks around and then do you want it to search through the warehouse? I am just gonna have it pop up and look around. What do I see? Make perception check. Not great. I think I got an eight. Just crates. There's a number of crates in here, all different makers, like different marks on them. Uh, and um, You know, some of them are tied up uh, but it's just mostly crates. Okay, all right, um do I see any of those markings on the crates.
02:00:50
There's all like all different crates have different markings on them. If you're going to be looking specifically to look for the the spiral, you can spend time to do that. Yes, gotcha. Um, I'll do like a quick look. I'm just going to look and see if I see anything with a spiral. Nothing with like a fast look like if it just like. Like how long are you guys going to like. Like. Like is it like are you just going to. The question is, How long is the group going to just sit in the tunnel until you like keep going with it? Like, is it just like okay, we're gonna look or I did a quick look. I don't see anything. All right, I'll go back down the tunnel and then see what I see. Okay, So he keeps going, and uh I guess in a solid minute, it moves what thirty feet per per thirty feet Yep twenty six, nine twelve.
02:01:47
Yeah, so it moves about one hundred and twenty feet. Uh, past that, uh, and then there is another ladder that goes up. There is another ladder that goes up. Yeah, There is another ladder that goes up as like there is a tunnel keep going. No, it stops and then there is a lot of it goes up. Alright, I'll have a go up the ladder. Uh as it goes up it's uh again it's um blocked up. It goes up and, It comes out into a shack. That's the best description I could give it to you. It's not even like not like one of these houses ;. It's just like a small shack. Um, I don't want to say like an outhouse, but it's about that size. Okay, so it's about outhouse size, yeah? All right, cool. There is really not much in there. ; like it comes up. There is a door. Okay?
02:02:47
Um, do I see anything? I just see inside of a outhouse shack door. Yeah, Like it's not like a shit ter ;. It just looks like it comes up into like a small, like square of a. yeah. When I look, can I go out the front to look? Yeah, I mean if it slides through like one inch little holes. Yeah, i will look around It comes out, and you are on like a farm on a farm. Yeah. Okay, so I am relaying all this information to everyone. I even do like the many um illusions, so everybody can see what I am seeing. So, went through the first part of Salt Warehouse, kept going down the hallway, ended up into like an outhouse. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's small like shower. Yeah okay But I haven't seen any people or anything like that. No, This comes out onto a farm Like. You see a farmhouse in the distance. There are lights. There is a light on in the farmhouse, and then t here is.
02:03:46
Land and then a barn. So you said there's light on in the house. In the house, yes. Send the eye towards the house, okay? You send the eye towards the house, You get to the house, and there is a few people inside the house moving around on the fourth floor. It is a three story like a three level house, so it's really only on in like I would say, "the kitchen area." Uh, you know, wood burning stove. You kind of come over and there are three people inside. Uh, One of them, you do recognize as a farm as a, a, a harbor, one of the people working on the harbor hands. Mhm. Uh, he's sitting there and he's talking with two other people. Um, And they just seem to be animated like they're speaking. T here is no besides, like, you know, you are just kind of like peering in looking at them.
02:04:43
Um, and then besides that, it's uh that that's kind of what's going on. They're just like having a conversation. Okay, did any of them look like that dude the one you were looking for? No, no. Okay, all right. So I guess I'll bring the eye back. Uh, bring yeah you bring the eye back down the tunnel. Um We haven't explored. Much of this place, right? I am just trying to think if I'd be able to map out where that is, But I don't know if we've actually explored enough above ground for me to have an idea where that farm would be. No, so that farm like he went down sixty feet plus another one twenty. So the outside of the town proper. All right, okay. All right, that's what I'll do. I'll wait for the guy to come back and check out this stuff. Uh yeah, so it takes you know maybe five ten minutes.
02:05:38
To get back to you, So you now see it ;, it's confusing because you are looking at yourself looking at dog. What would the rest of your group like to do in that ten minute time period? What if Bastion five? Let's just. I think I'd rather just go with him. I didn't go, but we can we can take one, we can go down one. Yeah, do you think it would just better if we more time, you know, to take time if we just, you know, went down? Well. Um. Yeah. So so uh, seven sent his eye down from the water that was going with the current following the current. Yeah. So then there's a few others that we don't. Yeah, there's two others if y'all really want to check them out and go as a group.
02:06:36
I'll stay here at the station and then run to you guys, if need be. If you guys would go, want to do that? Yeah, that's fine. Because there was two other that you realize what like Bastion realized was the the current. You couldn't get a direct location on where the current was coming from. Okay, yeah. So there's three left. I'll just sprint down the next one. But so you're looking at this, right? So you know this one is not useful, this one's not useful, and this one's the one that Fabio sent, right? Yeah, so I'll go down. So you knew the water was coming from these two. Right. So which one do you want? Pinky. All right uh so you start running down? I mean yeah.
02:07:27
So, you are is Mac following you or because you are going with him, right? Because if Mac's going with you, then yeah, keep. Yeah, I'll stay at Max speed. That's fine. All right. Uh, As you guys walk down, uh as you go thirty, let's say, a minute, two minutes, three minutes in no light dead tunnel, right at this point. You are going in about three minutes in. And you start to realize that the water is getting deeper. And it's now from like an inch to probably like three inches, and it is coming faster towards you. I can message so every like up to one hundred twenty feet, So I'll periodically like ping one of you just be like updates. What's going on just that we can keep in touch and. Oh yeah, everyone at a hundred twenty feet. For three minutes, right? Yeah. Well, in three minutes that's ten.
02:08:24
Ten turns per round, yeah. So that's three hundred feet. That's three hundred feet, yeah. Yeah, so as long as I can reach you, I'll ping you with them. Yeah, So the eye went about—I want to say like maybe close to four hundred feet. You guys are about three hundred feet out now. So the eye is coming back. So it'll get to seven faster than before, you guys will come back if you guys turn around now. Mac, is there any life in the water? I know you can communicate with some sea life. It is three inches of water, so I mean, maybe there's some fish in there. Yeah, minnows. Um, I can ask them because they can understand me. I was like, "Any big creatures like mice that look like humans come this way?" They got to be pretty simple-minded for these creatures.
02:09:23
And if they have, swim away from me. If they haven't, come closer. I don't know. I am trying to figure out how a fish can communicate because I can't. So wait, The fish swim away from you, if there are people down here or come closer, if they are, if there are people down here. If they go away, if t here is not yeah There you go. Uh, so they come closer to, oh, yeah, okay. So i'll relay that to sebastian that there are people. Oh, shit. Is it us? No, I'm like dumb. I'm like, there comes the vision to see anybody come over here. Um, I ain't mad at him. Oh. Hmm. Do you want to continue going or do you want to let everyone know?
02:10:21
We'll let everyone know. I don't want to go too far. Yeah, there is definitely people this way, So we could probably, you know, go further or we can come back and revisit this area, because now we know what that it's going here. Yeah, The only thing that's interesting is um the water's getting deeper. So yes, how deep does it get? Perception checks both of you uh Mac.
02:10:52
Advantage, cool. You are normal eleven. Um, it's wet. Is wet? You definitely that's why I get advantage because wet is moist. I am mad at you just standard here. All right, Don't come up yet twenty twenty, no matter what, both both dice were twenty twelve. Yeah, twelve and twelve plus eight twice. Uh, you smell something deeply unsettling pheromone wise. Your gills are on edge. The gill, the gillman, yeah, like a gillman. He's getting the scalies. He's getting the scalies. You're getting the scalies. Okay, so I'll let Bastion know like the Gilmen aren't down this way.
02:11:52
Great, I don't know if that actually means anything. I mean, they're working with Sylvie, right? No, they're not. You don't know who's on the. Yes, the Gilman are not bad guys. Were the Gilman on the boats that were coming after us? No, yeah. When you guys were coming, remember they were like "yo," the Gilman don't let people through. You guys like are one of the first few people got through. So, we got through them the first time. And then when went to go. No no, no, when were being chased by Sylvie. It was, oh, yes. Yes, it was with smoke with smoke. So The Gilmans and Sylvie are at least. We know are working together. Yeah, oh, and someone told you the Gilman. Maybe they didn't tell you that you guys did that great question. I just have a lot of information about the Gilman and Sylvie's team up. All right, I am in. Yeah, I think that's two pieces of information. Yeah, let's go back. I think we should go back if we're not going to go through this. It's.
02:12:52
Probably a little too dangerous to get start getting involved with Gilman. Do it, no, I mean do it. Don't be a bitch. I mean, If we know that Gilman are working with Sylvie and that guy's working the cult, t here is a chance he went this way. I just don't want to go alone. I just feel like Bastion would definitely want to punch Gilman in the head ; he would because he's done it a lot. ; he would did He did kill a bunch of Gilman one shot, though. Yes.
02:13:23
Gavin Gillen are easy right. They get all real squishy real quick. Yeah. Um. All right, sure. Why not? You going with him back? Going in I'm gonna yeah I'm gonna continue down. Oh my gosh, I'm gonna go a little further. Do, you want to go back and get everyone Go for it, but They were coming. No I'm not gonna leave you That would be silly.
02:13:56
I can't message you either anymore. I don't know what's happening. I'll give you both the hero points because that's fun. Bastard, listen to me! You give him a shiny button to push. Yeah, literally in the trap. So you go about like another one hundred and twenty feet, yeah? So, at this point, your eye comes back. ;. The eye comes back Quanto to you and then. You go another one hundred and twenty feet. You start to hear like splashing sounds, like audible, like reoccurring waves. And then as you are walking, you'll see the waves in the water. And then it peters out behind you guys. You guys keep going, Trevor Mac. You get that those scale is more and more as you continue. And at a certain point, you get to see light—like moonlight or low moonlight—less light.
02:14:55
Date almost, yeah. Less light, dawn before dawn. Yeah, light is coming from the end of the tunnel. Uh, you go forward, You keep going, and it reeks of gillman, like you can actually now smell their fishiness. Uh terrible fishy smell You get to a head. And um it's a grate right? But it's a large grate like. Ten by ten, great like you could swing it open. It is about like three feet above the water, So at high tide, this would flood ; like there'd be a lot of water down here. But at low tide, You could definitely move things as you look out upon the dock and you could see the Mayweather, the middle ship and your ship from this little area.
02:15:51
And there is a lot of stinky smell, fishy smell down here. So they're all under our boat. Right, we knew that Mayweather was doing some fishy shit, right? So, they're dropping it off at the docks using these tunnels to get it wherever it's going. The house you were in was at least one of the spots they were dumping it at. I am going to assume most of the tunnels have similar thing towards the end of it.
02:16:21
That's the soil box. Well, it was one of the boxes, yeah. How much of this town is corrupted? I don't know. I am going to go ask the fucking priestess who said, "you know, none of it." Um, she's just delusional. I think it's.
02:16:52
Okay, so is your your eyes back now? Yeah, yeah, I was back. Okay, I'll communicate. You know they've been down there for ten fifteen minutes. Yeah, about fifteen minutes now. I can't reach them with message anymore. So they're be so they're completely silent. They went silent? They went silent about like three minutes ago. I can't reach them unless I move forward and don't know how far. Gotcha All right, want to look at everybody else. That's like still here. Let's go find them. All right That go through. Comfortable, so you guys kind of follow along. It's been long enough; like they should have. Yeah, they should. Yeah, you kind of follow along. I am going to ping out every like minute or so. Do we see any gillmen? Like we know we can smell them; they've been in the area. Yes, Do we see them sleeping somewhere or They're not in here ;? They're not currently here for um Give me, both of you guys advantage perception checks.
02:17:51
Uh, fifteen. Fifteen, okay. Seven plus eight, yeah, fifteen. Sixteen solid. Um. Looking out to the docks, right? And uh obviously, the water is low low tide. Now it's gonna be getting high tide towards the sunrise um you look around, and you can see that uh as you look at the gate. Clearly, it's been used very fairly recently. Um, And you notice a number of scales have like fallen off ;, like they, you know, just from moving. And stuff, they've shed scales, right? Fish do that. Yeah, We're not for um And. Then like as you guys are looking around all sudden, you hear splashing coming from behind you, and you can hear a loud chatter.
02:18:49
Um, and now all of a sudden, uh, Celestine, you kind of start to. I am trying to message them. All of a sudden, like as soon as she kind of gets within the range, she's like "hello hello hello, " and then you guys hear her and you can hear splashing down the hall. Continue forward; just stay quiet. Okay. Uh, so you guys kind of come up at this point, slow down and kind of go stealth It's now deeper water um You kind of move up and smells like fishmen. At this point, You guys realize and you see Bastion the Mac just angrily standing at this gate. And ironically, the gate is locked on the inside; like the hinge is on the inside, So someone has to open it from here to get it out and to let things in. And a lot again, like but you are under the docks; like you are further. The best way to describe is like imagine the docks go above you.
02:19:48
For a good ten feet, and then you would see the boat. So, wait, it's the other side of the grate. Yeah, Outside the grate is dock above it ten feet out. That's where the lock is. No, the lock's on your side. Oh, so someone in here has to open it for them. Okay, I got a lock, though one yeah. You can just open it. Yeah. I was gonna say, if it's on the other side, I can yeah You would reach around and have to pick it no No. This is on an inside kind of situation. We uh. So, this whole place is kind of fucked. So, we just watching them or we going after them? I am pretty sure someone recommended burning the whole place down. I swear I heard that. I think that was a joke. Was that a sound suggestion? I think it was sound did say "kill everyone." And I put a hand on Bash and was like, "And we've opted not to do that." Thank you.
02:20:44
However, a lot of this does need to burn down. Yeah, okay. This place is fishy. Crystal, what's up? I'll leave the burning of places down to the experts. So it needs to be cleansed this whole area. The goddess needs to cleanse so Are they bring things in that we're taking things out? And either way, why? Well, if there's a lock, they're probably bring things in. I mean, something has to open the door in order for things to even come inside. So, something is letting them in through this tunnel, right? So that much we do know for certain. They're coming in this way ; they're not going to the warehouse ;. They're not being accounted for. It's possible possible, not because I didn't really do a quick uh, a thorough scan of the warehouse, but we know that t here is at least access to a warehouse. T here is one route that goes to a farm, right? You have doc hands there.
02:21:42
And we have this one that goes directly to the docks. When the other tunnels might either lead to something else, or so far we've known, we found an escape route like a definite escape route path. And, we definitely found some type of cargo line area where they can bring things in and out. You said there was still one more, uh? So this one was too small. And this one was too small. You went this one to the that leads you to the farmhouse, yeah, uh, and to the possible warehouse. Um, this one and this one you didn't check. And this one leads to the ocean. The pinky is where we are now. Pinky is the ocean. So, we haven't done pointer finger and ring finger ring finger was also middle finger, middle finger Middle finger. So we haven't done pinky and middle finger Yeah. Okay, yeah.
02:22:38
I ain't mad at the shock. I mean, I ain't mad at it. I am saying everyone was shocked. We were you saw all of us. No one else picking up on it. I needed to make sure, okay? I needed to make sure you know, hit it on accident? You know me, I know, I know everyone was shocked. I needed to make sure, right? Sense of humor of a thirteen year old boy Yeah So um, You guys are kind of like you could see this now. Do, any of my aquatic people want to try and swim over to the Mayweather? Because you're on level, you're in the water. Like you would just hop down into the water. So just so I understand, so the grate there's water under on the bottom of the grate, right? So, and we're in line with the water ;. You're about three to four feet over the water at high tide. This would fill okay.
02:23:36
So the water's still below the grate, but opening the grate, you would just be right there. Yeah, you would like do just it's like a pool. Like imagine like a pool. Yeah, okay. And the Mayweather from here to the Mayweather is probably like ninety feet. Ninety feet? Yeah, remember and you are covered ten feet above you as dock. Get it? So you would be swimming out. I mean, we got like one, two, three people who have all aquatic base speeds. Okay. I just don't know if we want to go into the water with the killmen in the middle of the night and not know that they know this area, they know this terrain, the underwater terrain and we do not. So because it's home field advantage and overpowered. The Ferris right; this home field advantage for them.
02:24:32
The most ideal thing to try and challenge them in the water. And I am very comfortable being in the water, but I also am I don't know how many of they are. And you know, I could take out a shitload of them by myself. Am not Bastion style, But if we don't know how many they are and they could easily overpower one or two of us, can we just close the tunnel in? They left a glyph for us. I can't leave glyphs, but like can we blow the tunnel in so they can't use it? Just be super inconvenient. From like, I would say, I would say you need like large amount of like boomsticks. I don't know, I don't know. Yeah, true. Between our spells, am pretty sure we can pump out enough fireballs to blow some shit up. Do I have anything explosive? Hold up.
02:25:31
Only someone had played Druid, they could be theoretically four people who would shape into an animal. Hippo, the most dangerous of all aquatic animals. Back same. I don't really have anything or manatee; you have no natural predator. Manatee, I would say manatee is a CR like one fourth. Do we want to fight them? Do we want to check out another tunnel? They're just adorable. Seven AC eighty. They're not actively doing anything right now, right? No, like no, you see the boat. No, and like besides seeing a few scales, Like they pointed out scales, you You relayed sorry, seven has relayed back. Hey, there was a farm. There were people in the farm.
02:26:27
And and then there was the weird warehouse area. Besides that, where you guys are now, we haven't really seen any sketchy here yet. Nothing, nothing sketchy. How much time has passed from when we first got to the house? I want to say what is it fifteen minutes thirty thirty minutes? Okay, cool. Because yeah, hour hour That's why I have. You're at thirty. I have thirty minutes left on my. Yeah, yeah, I would say thirty minutes now altogether. Okay. I could have him try and scout the boat, see if there's anyone inside. I'm to one end of this point, unless you know they're up to no good. Yeah, like I don't know unless he's hiding on there and even if he is, I don't know if it's worth our time right now. He could have gone out any of the other exits and be.
02:27:23
Anywhere, right? It's been eight hours since we saw him hide in the ship, right? In the house. It might be worth trying to scout out the other tunnels and just seeing where they go. But I don't know if we're going to actually find him. Yeah, I don't think we're going to find him, But knowing where they go and trying to maybe figure out exactly what's going on here might help who's involved. I agree. At least we'll know who's involved, so we can be like, "Well, this person's shady and this person's shady," and we can know you know. Yeah, I don't know if the whole place is full of shady people, and they're just pretending not to be, or if they don't know that there is a giant tunnel network under their docks. May not seem like it's public knowledge, But we at least know that there is a few people that are aware of it. So, if we can definitely scout out the last year to get a better lay of the land, understand what their network.
02:28:22
Their underground network looks like, and then go from there. We'll have a better understanding of how they're traveling things, where it's going to possibly end up, right? And what they might have access to. We didn't see anything in the house that we started in of like indicating who it belongs to or okay. No, there was no mailbox. But it was a residence, not a business. Yes, it was a residence. Okay. Um cool Uh, So you need to scout out the last two that you kind of know of. Yeah, I uh, so we'll go through it fairly quickly. The middle finger goes kind of the furthest ;. It'll take you seven about ten minutes, ten fifteen minutes to get all the way to the end. This one doesn't pass anything but like fifteen minutes that's far yeah That's far, far and again it comes to a lather; you go up.
02:29:17
The ladder does a. You go up the ladder, you come out and you are in a cellar. You look around ;. It's clearly some kind of like either wine cellar or or it's like wine slash root cellar. You are like, "Wow, fancy!" First fancy place you've come to. You come out and you would go up the stairs right? Going up the stairs, you come to a door. And you go into blackness. Um, how would that work? Does that mess? What do you mean the eye? I don't think so. It's like a free floating invisible thing, right? Like it's invisible invulnerable. You create an invisible yeah, this is why uh yeah, it seems visible doesn't can it poke people no.
02:30:15
It can't interact with anything. Okay, okay, so that's what I need to know. Like it so okay. It just looks. No, no, I just need to know if it so literally this, what happens. You come up, you see a door. Mhm You go through the, you know the one inch little crack, but you know, between the doors, and then you come out into black Okay I can see in the dark No It's magical darkness Oh no. Person, I mean the eyeball. It is something directly, yeah. Like it has no mass, so it just kind of bumped up against something. Okay, that's what I was asking. Like if it had mass theoretically, it would push the thing that's up against. But because it has no mass, it's just kind of like can I go down around or find like another?
02:31:13
I don't know what I bumped into. Yeah, like a blind or like a kind of you bumped into something. There is no more. There is no more to go. Yeah, it's a solid wall as far as you see. Okay, I mean I look for like a way around it. Are you saying there is no way that I can see around? No, okay, So I relay that back to him until he looks like, it looks like I've hit some type of barrier and can't see anything ;. It's just all black and not dark. Black. Yeah. Okay. We haven't checked the other one. We have an idea of where it is. Okay. I'm sure we can at some point So. We have to physically check the other one because by the time it gets back, my spell will be over. Okay Well, then you just send the bird I could send the bird Like as it come like You could de cast it and send a bird It would encast. By the time it gets back So, then you could send a bird.
02:32:11
I am happy to go check the other one. Doesn't overlap, we can all right. And then the second one, point their finger. Um, that one goes out; that's actually the shortest one. It goes out and then similar thing hits to a stairwell well ladder), goes up uh and then t here is a like a hatch okay Um, so can you re-summon that thing? Oh, just one. Yeah, I can do it once a day. Oh, uh, so Quattro would have to pop it. So Quattro would have to try to get up there. I wouldn't have Quattro try and do that. Yeah, so there is a hatch. A hatch. All right, So we know one goes short ends in a hatch One goes fifteen minutes. And t here is a room wine cellar It's, a wine cellar. Yeah And. Then you said there was past the wine cellar. There was like a something.
02:33:07
Something there. There's a door, And then like it like literally it just went like like went through the door into blackness. Got it. So that's what we know. So we know we have put this in: we have farm, we have booze, yeah, farm cellar wine cellar and a hatch hatch. And the farm, there's also a warehouse. Well, that's the farm. Yeah, that's farm. Oh, right, warehouse then. The warehouse is also on the farm route. Okay, all right. So we got farm, Warehouse boats, wine cellar, and we got hatch And. You said the hatch is like, right? It wasn't that far, it wasn't that far. It was maybe like ten minutes down, even less like he can move faster. Okay?
02:34:05
Uh, at this point, Like the inch of water is now like two inches of water on your on your feet. So tides coming in. Do you want to? What would we like to do? We can check the hatch because it's short and move on or move on back to the boat and talk to the mitchsters. We can kind of cancel out the things we don't know. Take enough time back. Yeah, I think I think that um.
02:34:36
The boat is not going anywhere, right? No, we just don't want to. We don't know what are the supplies are going to get it going. The other thing is that we have wonder if the Gilman are involved. They they can access the water, so if they this stuff could be going not even out, but we might not even see it if we're not looking for it. If, they can unload it into the water, and then they could take it into this passageway. And no one would even know that I was getting taken off the ship. The stuff may not even be on the ship anymore. May not even may not be on the ship, but we know from the manifest that they had crystal. I remember you were looking at that; you looked at the manifest, right? Do, you remember how much of it was actually taken off and if anything was left behind? Because if everything was taken off, Then that means whatever is on the boat. There may not be anything on the boat. But if there's still like unloading stuff.
02:35:34
Then they might still have a few things to take off the boat. I don't know if everything was taken off. It looked like it was just a box of everything that was on it, is what I had seen, and all the ingredients, but I don't know if there was still any remaining on the boat. Yes, do we know if there is They unloaded the boat. Uh, you hadn't seen them unload, and you were specifically told they hadn't unloaded. Okay, so then we know that they haven't unloaded yet. As far as you know, Well, at least we know that no one's seen them unload if everything is going under the water, because you guys specifically know they You asked, and he was like, "No, they haven't unloaded." And then of the dock hands have and you heard them say that. Remind me what time did they get here? They were here after you fell.
02:36:34
They've been here for a while. At least a day now. A full day, or at least they came like mid. The reason why I am asking is I am trying to determine whether they came in low tide, so then they're waiting for high tide to bring it in. Or you know, because they were here when you were taking your eight hour rest. Okay, yeah. So I know shit about tides. They've had the tides. They've had the tides either whatever tide they needed Yeah, got it okay Do I so With the way the tunnels are, do I feel like I can make it to the hatch, take a look around, and get back to the house without having to worry about getting flooded? Yeah, because you couldn't move. No, you are fast. You are like Usain Bolt fast. Why don't we do that? I'll go down the other one. I'll just peek through the hatch, see if I can figure out where it is, or what's there. Not going to go much farther than that. And then I'll meet you guys back at the smoldering house.
02:37:29
Oh, for that one, that one was like ninety feet. It was like eight ten minutes away. Okay, I'll keep the message communication open so we can just. We can go with them because it's not that far. All right, is there enough room? As long as we can. Well, The thing is he's faster, so we can get there and back and beat the tide. Okay, so we don't drown in the tunnel. Like, is a tide coming in the next five minutes? No, no, it's slowly coming. Yeah, we got more than five minutes. Probably, you got like at least a half an hour before, like like in half an hour, it'll be like nipple height or at least up to Hop's eyeballs. Yeah, about he's about nipple height. All right, so let's go check out the hatch. Okay, See what we can see, and then we'll break it back to That's. Why Hop wears the sunglasses? So you can't tell what he's doing. Excuse me.
02:38:25
Alright, we'll let you lead. No, I don't that way. What I'll cover: abjuration magic. Ooh, same shit. Aren't you glad you went with the group? Same shit. Don't like on the hatch on hatch on hatch, same boom because I am pretty sure his eye is. I want to say, like a ghost, like it won't set off a glyph of warning. No, as I understand it, like from what we've described, it's a non corporeal sense. Mac Can you dispel this? Can you? If it's a mechanical thing, I can. Well, actually no. I also have i could do both if you have dispel, i have dispel, i have dispel magic. So i have dispel and i have these tools. So either way, we got two people with spell magic So, who wants to go first?
02:39:19
I'll go first. If you can just spell it, I'll climb up. Oh, but yes, To make the one from my house was a mechanical spell tied to no, no, the house we had both. We had you had both, and we have both. But the one that was specifically tied to the abjuration was magic. It was not mechanical. Okay, got it. The doorknobs were and the door and the window were mechanical. Okay, I wasn't sure if like taking your rug off, like physically no The rug tricked ; the moment she went whoop, it went off. Okay, okay. Trigger the arcane ward. Yeah, okay. So it's all yeah. So i'll I'll do yeah, because that's how we're gonna play it. We're gonna play that the eye does not trigger things unless it's a barrier or magical, like all it does is let me see No, no, I understand. It's, just it's understanding like what it can since it doesn't affect the physical world, like the eye just goes into people's ears. And like looks around It says, like you can't pass any barriers unless it's an inch wide.
02:40:16
Yeah, and like you can't go through like people. I have to roll for strength because it's over third level. Is glyph of warding? It depends on the spell, as I understand it. What to dispel? Yeah, I think is there anything below was a third level, any ongoing spell level three or lower target ends for each ongoing spell level four or higher must make an ability check. Yeah, it's yeah, it's higher okay.
02:40:47
So, my DC was my modifier, my spell attack. Yes, The glyph is nearly invisible and requires a successful Intelligence Investigation check against your spell save DC. I think it'll be because it's your. It's his ability check, right? What is it using your spellcasting ability? Yeah, okay. So would be like your attack. Okay.
02:41:20
The DC is ten plus the spell level. What level is the spell? Seven seven So be seven D C seventeen Yeah, I am gonna use a lot of sun. Better, but not by much. Ah, sixteen You feel like the magic's still there? Yep Trevor, would you like to try It's a high level spell. I am having issues. Y'all, just let the monk punch it. Yeah, yeah, punch it with a fireball. You take that wizard vivance; will that help? We have to do spell attack. Uh, yeah, so it's a ten plus your spell DC seventeen. You got to roll like how long is my spell hit? Yeah, yeah.
02:42:25
I think clerics have to spell magic. That's wild. There are a bunch of people who take I could take it too, but did you say no fourteen? Fourteen, fourteen. You guys both feel like it's totally dispelled. Well, they would know it's not dispelled. They were like, nope, she can still detect the magic It's a high level spell. So so she's like. And it's still there and then he's like. Still there. I am telling you, just let the monk just poke it. Just don't roll them one; you are fine. It's only well, we will find out where it is because we'll hear the boom. Yeah, it's only a forty point of damage. I mean, we could open it; we just can't be near it. We can open it ;. We can't be near and then we got to flutter in if anybody's on either side. That's a.
02:43:22
That's an encounter we're just going to deal with immediately. Hold on, I think there is an actual way to this. Like, to is there anything covering the crate? Like, can we see it? Yeah, you can see it; it's on it. That's my arcane check to try and disable it. Can we see like through it? Like, What's above the no, no great. Okay. Uh sorry. The glyph is nearly invisible and requires a successful Intelligence investigation, check against your spell save DC to be found. So on this, it's a seventeen, but she has the thing, so she pringed it. You decide what triggers the glyph when you cast a spell for glyphs inscribed on surfaces. The most typical trigger is touching or standing or removing an object. I mean, honestly, It probably is just easiest to think that you are just have best in trigger it from I. Could just mage hand and open him.
02:44:19
It's not going to kill him. I'll just heal him. Wait, wait, wait. I could mage hand it open, but then we got a rush in after it explodes. Well, would the mage hand trigger the glyph though? Because it's not actually. because I would have the mage hand try to open the hatch. I guess yeah, maybe that would trigger it. Probably trigger it at least that's my assumption. Oh. And. Uh. Yeah, just the spell magic triggered it. I have a question : Can. We since we know where it is and we can?
02:45:18
See it now, yeah, right? Can we try to figure out which version it is? Whether it's fireball, whether it's like rocks fall, everybody dies. Whether it's just curses us out. Uh, a little heaven spell. So you can't tell how long it's been here for her. I don't think so. I'll say this: I don't think there is like age signs on a cliff. Well, this is the second. Major spell that we're hitting, chasing this guy. I just don't know if he's. I mean, seventh level magic caster, right? Or he's got some really fancy wand or some shit. But I'll say yeah, it's just Sylvie Bastion would make that connection. Oh Sylvie! Bastion probably wouldn't even give a fuck. Um right? So Sylvie's doing it all right uh who has arcane?
02:46:16
Like as like a thing. I have arcane. I have arcane. But you have a book, right, Fabio? I also have the book. It's gonna be hard, but you could try to deface it without setting it off. Okay, so I can use my book for assistance? Yes. Okay. There you go, come on we've all played this game before D four, D four. We've all played Baldur's Gate. Uh, ten plus the caster's level, so I'll say it's seventeen DC seventeen. Where was that when we were doing our? If if if I thought you had it now, I am struggling. This is a struggle bus. Hold on, does he have to physically deface it? That's that's how you will disarm it. You will have to not so does he have to be.
02:47:14
Yes, close to it. To do it, A high investigation or arcana check might allow a character to find the glyph and potentially deface it. Though this is potentially able to set it off, so I'll say everybody stand back. If you pop one, it's going to go off in your face. Okay, just understand that roll with advantage. Yeah, you have all guidance and I got plus five on top of this roll.
02:47:45
I have a seventeen and a one. Oh, you have a one? A seventeen and a one with advantage. Oh, okay. No, I got a seventeen. Okay, but you did roll one. Yeah, damn with advantage that's wild! Yo son You called it! You do this to me every single time! All right, Seventeen plus seven is twenty four plus ten thirty four All, right? So you are able to figure out how to properly deface it without setting it off. Okay. So you are able to deface it properly without setting it off, And then you Celestine can feel the magic kind of like ebb away from the area. Gloves come out my book. It looks like I am doing like that, like a lock, lock. Eldritch tetrales come in break the fucking lock and I close the book. All right. Good job! Yeah, go ahead.
02:48:42
You didn't die in the cave. I am glad I didn't die either. I was worried that time in the cave. That was fill this place with acid, yeah, that's what I thought. Was like this not gonna be fireballs; it's gonna be worse. It's gonna be like all the whole thing floods and it's all acid, yeah, we're gonna burn cliff of gigantic gelatinous cubes. That's what was just like, oh, let me can i read this first? Let me see how bad this going to be. Oh, no cubes. Okay, so it's defaced. Yes, so it's off. Okay. You can't like remove it and take it with us. No, no. Take the whole hatch. I mean, you could take the hatch and then throw it. I am not going to not have that one throwing hatch bullshit in this world. I would have allowed that to have been the other option. Don't you understand? You would die if I said that to you; you'd be like, "No, Fabio, you can't do that." No.
02:49:41
You couldn't. She couldn't. I know, I know. You want to know why? Why she has these tools so she has to unhitch the hinges. Is it locked or not? No, it's a hatch. It's an escape hatch. Okay, check who was checking for traps more traps I trust nothing now Don't touch hatches. What's it called? Thank you. By the way, hatches have like been your downforce specifically, Fabio. Hatches, doors, windows, yo gates. Everyone I am just like I am like there is no trap here. I open the door, you get shot twice in the chest. I go down what? Yes, this is a There has been so many times I play the game where I am just like you know what it's been a while. I don't want to slow the game down by checking for traps everywhere. I go every time i don't someone explodes or i get shot in the chest.
02:50:31
Actually, this is the longest game you've still had hair. I know, and you know why? Because I am standing in the back using mage hand. I have magic now. Am not get you notice? I send the eye, I send Quattro, I use mage hand. That's true. I don't get in the mix unless I have to. Yeah, all right. So just check the traps. Okay, That was advantage because I have the these swords. Yes, no die. Next time we do this evening. If we can take this sword by all means.
02:51:01
Motherfucker, it's one hundred percent not trapped. Can I use my? I am gonna use my last look. Yes, better. Thank you. Oh my god, double this still not trapped. It's not trapped. You feel comfortable that it's not trapped and also you feel comfortable that you could have unhinged things. This is just a bad roll day, But you know how to walk real slow, like you are not running with this ;. You are just moving five feet. Frisbee, a fireball. Put in another realm. Open up the realm, just throw it out like a frisbee. Yeah, put in trap of prison and bag of holding. See? And if I said this, you would look at me no No, Fabio, you can't do that. See? I know you go ahead. I am gonna peek, my head up and just look around t. Here is a rug, same rug. Yeah It's like a red rug. So many these enchant to blocks or traps and shit what.
02:51:58
Fuck is this? So you lift it and you actually hear two things. One, yeah, may never see it. Who's looking at the carpet? No, look at this shit happening right now. A gorilla could have came out the ground, looked around, said "Oh, room full of people." Not today. None of us saw it. So as you lift, you hear two things : one heavy breathing. Okay two uh it sounds like glass rolling slowly.
02:52:29
Okay, and then you kind of like you hear it, you stop, pop your head back down. Is it like how like from where I am is I am like the middle of the carpet, the edge of the carpet? Um. Like is the edge of the carpet close to where I am? Yeah, I'll give you like the edge. Okay, I am just gonna like get up a little bit. Uh, you are in a room. Mhm. In the room there is, uh it's it's again. Uh it's not this. This room obviously is different. It's not moist like the other room was, and you don't get that sense of desecration. You quickly look, you scan, and from your position, you look up under the rug. You see a door right in front of you with a what looks like an N, sixty four rumble pack stuck to the bottom of it under the handle. Cool. I'll pop back down be like it's.
02:53:25
seems almost identical, at least what I've seen so far, To the house, we were just in with the same trap on the same looking door. Except there are people up there now. Can you tell how many? No, but you know t here is people. She hears heavy breathing. You heard heavy breathing and glass rolling. Yep, all stealth at this point. You guys be moving in stealth. Yep okay Who's going up first? A lot of stealthy people go up first. Twenty-two. Twenty-two. What else is stuff? I get, I have the armor and shit, gives me advantage on stealth rolls. What does my armor do? I don't remember. Oh, I get advantage to hide and for sneaky shit. Mhm, yeah, um, yeah. And you are invisible in dark by the way. You know what actually? You are too! Yeah!
02:54:22
You know what? I have a thing. If she's in like dim light, she's invisible. She doesn't do anything. I've been great to know before I got up here. Well, you just kind of push in front of me, Um i actually having you guys running around at night, makes Jen vastly more dangerous than I assess. She has a nat like a flat, twenty on her stealth roll, if she's not doing anything crazy. I think am visible now. Okay, invisible. I am gonna go invisible. That's it for my second little spells. What am I going invisible? Invisible, invisible. So I am in visible now. Plus, I have the armor that makes like that gives me advantage to hide. You just look behind him, nineteen plus stuff, visible gives you a flat twenty right something like that. Well, they changed it for twenty four. Yeah, they changed it for twenty four.
02:55:19
You can't see. Yeah, so you are like thirty nine. Yeah, it's not numbers anymore; you just you don't see. You got it. So nineteen, you had advantage on the roll, so nineteen plus your stuff is plus five, So twenty four, twenty four as a solid, and then I have my armor makes it. Yeah. Yeah As long as you are in dim light, and currently there is no bright light down here. Uh You are naturally invisible. Can cast invisibility on this? Yeah, You can cast it without spending a spell slot, as long as you are in dim light. Yeah, so you just cast invisibility and now you are invisible. Just to let you know, murdering something breaks invisibility. Way they're in visibility after the target makes an attack roll, deals damage or casts a spell. Yeah, right? But since it doesn't cost a spell slot for you, can just go all right I am gonna do it again later.
02:56:16
Uh, my advantage to hide in. That's okay. So, who is asleep in the room? So, coming up Bastion kind of like shimmies up, gets his hand under the rug, slides it gently and you start to hear rolling. Oh, they're say "can I grab the bottle or whatever? " Reach up and you grab it and you feel wet, uh, but it's fine. So you kind of like tilt it around, you get your finger in the hole. He's fingering, the wet hole, pulls the bottle back up. His hand is now covered in ink, and he pushes it back. You kind of shimmy up on your belly. He just does the Rambo, yeah? Can't see me now. Horrid! So he shimmies up on his belly, and you can hear like heavy breathing. You stand up; up comes two fucking predators.
02:57:14
In their invisibility, because that's what they look like—like shimmery nothingness. There is a candle on in here. There is no window, and it looks exactly like the other room, except there is a sleeping bag and a man in the sleeping bag. Is that our man? That's your man. Yeah! Just puts the ink on his face hundred percent. I am just gonna crouch over him with my uh. Oh, no. Okay, yeah. I think I think uh once everyone's in the room, I'll crouch next to him with my face covered in ink and kind of tap him a little bit with uh with my stuff. Um, So you know that at this point, your assumption is you heard Celestine and Crystal mumble an incantation.
02:58:10
So, your assumption is these shimmering shadow people in the room are Crystal and Celestine? I hope so. I would be so upset. Like, what the fuck is that? You see them over there? That's a predator. Oh, yeah, you hit a. I am just thinking they. Um. So they're in the room.
02:58:40
I am gonna keep it since he's like there, and she wants to kill this guy. So you see the body, yeah. I am gonna just like even though the door is trapped, I am just gonna keep an eye out and an ear out for like if anything else happens or backup. I am not looking to kill him yet because we want answers, but if he starts to yell or if I think he's casting magic, I am at least going to slam it into his throat, so he can't speak. Um, so you kind of like wake him up and he like groggily wakes up. Wait, can we tie him up? No, that would wake him up. Okay, he's in a sleeping bag though. Can you just like zip the shit out? It's like a bed roll. Yeah, Has like a blanket stay full of shit clothes, just like have them all like hemmed up in the huh? So men I mean you could cast hold person on him. He's if I cast hold person then it drops. That's true.
02:59:39
I might actually have it. Also, I'm really low on spell slots, so like I really just sit on him. Yo, he's got the fucking paralysis even on his shit. One break of visibility is not an attack for damage. What would that be if all of a sudden you feel a pressure on your chest and you see nothing? Heart attack. He has a really weak heart, so he always just drops dead. Torture pirates, I am all for it. So proud, you would definitely be proud. No one hundred percent that's why I get this. Don't turn this murder into a rape to a person. You were playing a campaign, and there were two people asleep, and he rolled up on one of them, stealth got the knife to their throat and whispered in their ear, "Don't turn this murder into a rape."
03:00:35
Can we say that? Can we just say he himself does that and we all were upset. I think you felt someone fell out their seat in one campaign. I did, I fell out my seat. Oh my god, yeah, that was the St John's campaign. Yeah, that was the St John's. Bobby fell out of his seat, and like they were remodeling something, and he fell onto all the remodeling stuff, but he didn't fall nice ;. He fell ugly. He was a bad fall who was Was that the same day we threw Jeff, got his keys thrown down the well? It wasn't that day, but it was that um. is that uh what you call it? That kind of thing. Yeah, We were playing and then were taking the elevator. And like you know, the crack in the elevator. That's impossible to hit. We were leaving, and he just goes up, and you watch him go straight down. Straight down. Hit the wall just went like yeah. And I'm like you didn't hear anything till it hit the bottom, just jink. And were like.
03:01:35
What everyone had that moment of like it didn't like fall to the side, we could be like stop it. It just nothing and we were like oh. And then he found the the guys were there right? And they let him into the base, the like under the elevator and they got the keys out. It worked itself but he was panicking. He was like everyone was sweating. Was bad news bears as I. Uh, how do you use all my head? Just make sure I get that keys back. We did alright so you are gonna sit on him? Mhm, That will like gently wake him up because he starts to feel pressure upon his chest. So he wakes up and then there is a "good morning, how was your night?" And he's just like, "what? Hello?" What did he what was he kept saying to us? So, what was this phrase or whatever that kept saying to us? The ladder. So we found a friendly face who just wants to help. Who just wants to help.
03:02:33
Well, since you just want to help, we've got some questions for you. And I think at this point we're all probably like crowded around him. He's got a paralysis demon sitting on his chest, right? And he's got this one covered in blackface. We're all there. He's looking. He looks at her. He's got that, and he looks over and Hop just like puts his tongue out to the side or something. Everybody looks menacing. Hop just menacing Oh, I am going to use thaumaturgy to change the color of the light, The candle, yeah, you said there's a candle light, right? Yeah. So I changed the color of the light from like, oh, like nice to like a blood looking red, like red room. Like straight up red room. Do the double voice thing and I hit him with "the be not afraid." You just answer the questions. That's upsetting and I'm going to open up all seven of my eyes. Uh, so he is thoroughly petrified, uh, so he's like what's going on?
03:03:35
Oh, okay. We're still going. I see you. I bet. All right, you tell us. All right, so I am gonna. We've been looking for you all night. Why can't I move? What have you done to me? Oh, I severed your spine. You are just paralyzed from the neck down. What? But I can feel my toes, that'll go away. That's phantom Have you ever heard of phantom limb? What? You just believe that you can feel everything. It's like just kill me, then it's a memory. Well, you know what? Maybe we either put you out to memory or maybe we can fix it. It all depends on how you answer the questions that we're about to ask you. What is happening? We see that you have some type of connection with the cult. What cult? And I, you know, I do like that swirly line thing, right? Like, you said t here is like um t here is ink on the floor," right? Yeah, yeah. I'll grab a piece of parchment, or whatever I can find and dip my fingers Can I just like invisibly draw it?" Yeah, you know what i'll hold it up.
03:04:34
And we go right light. And it just the symbol just shows up out of nowhere. That's all I think. And they go, "Huh, this one we saw it on in your old apartment." There was a box; it had the same symbol. Seems like you are working with some type of trafficking with them. I take the bell out and just put it next to him. What's a bell for? Oh, you don't want to know about the bell; you may want to answer truthfully. Does he have like a bag or a satchel or something around? Uh, yeah, like in the corner would be his like backpack, like a satchel. Yeah, she just looks it up, dumps it out. It's just floating in midair. That's upsetting. While you are talking, I am just going to start going through his shit. And just seeing if there is anything interesting related to this conversation. Um. He's he's like what cult? I uh. You know I am pointing into the circle thing was like I was like listen.
03:05:32
Oh, that yeah I I know them. They they they, they pay us. Who pays you? The, the woman. Where is she and what's her name? Um. Well she's out in the swamp, and her name is Sylvie. Alright.
03:06:02
Pays you for what? Uh, to to bring in cargo. But that's all I know. I swear, bell rings. What was that? I press the thing down a little bit. You just stand up and you just press on on crystal and the air, the air just gets heavier. So he oh, he sees it go, yeah, and he just feels weight in his chest. And I go, "How many of his men did we kill?" A bunch, seven. And I am giving him the look; I am just like, "You don't want to lie. You want to tell us." The bell rings. Right? We'll press on them again. He's like, "Press on again," like getting harder to breathe. Seems like you can't catch your breath.
03:07:02
I have fantasy asthma. Right, So then I do like the little raise hand to like take some of the to take some of the weight off of them. Tell us where she is and tell us what she has you doing outside of just bringing in cargo. I know you probably know a little bit more than that. We just bring in the cargo and from the docks to where into the swamp.
03:07:32
We're in the swamp. I, I actually don't know. No bell? No bell. So what she just has you bring it to random locations in the swamp? Uh, normally we're led by one of the fish people. How, do you get in contact with them? Or how do they get in contact with you? Um, on their cell phone.
03:08:02
Um. Listen, like. It's it's more of a. She just reaches out with like her connections. So who usually contacts you to let you know that she's reaching out? Um. They leave notes at the pier.
03:08:38
When was the last drop off? Uh, earlier this afternoon. Uh, well, yesterday it would be yesterday. Okay, the day before the day. Mhm. The excuse notes that appear and what do they say? Meet here or. Uh, they give us a time and an hour, and then we will meet her in. We meet one of the the fish people, and they will direct us to where we're going. What do they have you meet? Where do you meet the fish uh fish people? At the location. Okay, so it's time and location. Yeah, and then they take us.
03:09:38
Fish people. I'll message you like ask if they deal with Sylvie directly or if it's always the fish people. Have you ever dealt with her directly, or is it always through the fish people medium? Um, I've only ever seen her when we're at the what would he call it? The what we. The spire. The spire, yeah. Black spires, all like you tell us about. Yeah, that's a black spire. Yes. Who else works with them? Excuse me? Who else who else works with her? Um, a number of just men in the town.
03:10:38
Got names. Bill, John, Mark. Put all these names down on a piece of paper. Oh, they're all going on the list. There is about twenty names in general. Yeah, Bill Tidewater. Bill Tidewater, Mark Tidewater They're all spelled differently About twenty names in total? Yeah, About twenty That's, not a few That's. That's quite a bit I assume for the town That's. Quite a crew you have there.
03:11:08
Yeah, that's. I mean, like in the town, the town has about two hundred people. Is he just like talking casually? Like he doesn't no I am just not role playing. Okay, he's terrified. He is terrified. I apologize. Okay, no, no, No Just like if he if he looks at this as like just a job, or like, is he actually like does he realize that like he's working for somebody bad? Or is it? No, he doesn't know it's a job okay Like it'd be like if tonight. Like double O seven was in your room, but gun to your head and was like, "Tell me about where you are working." You are like, "Sure." And he's like, "What do you know about this higher up that you've never met?" And you are like, "I don't know man." Okay so he's just doing a job. He's not like out to take over the world or anything. So what the hell are you smuggling? Uh usually chemicals or not what did he say plants herbs.
03:12:07
Um soil, sometimes people. Sometimes people. Yeah. Sick people? Um yeah. Chemical materials right? When's the next drop off? Um, I haven't gone to the pier. Today's not my day. Whose day is it today? Bill's bill Bill Tidewater, Bill Tidewater. What does Bill look like? Uh, Older gentleman has a, uh he's about seven, two tall ass motherfucking. Dude, yeah lanky, uh walks with a limp.
03:13:06
He has like a club foot. What's foot He's got a bum leg. That's why he walks with one. Um, blonde hair. And the bell is not going off. No okay, you know what, I am going to try to do this, and let me know if you'll allow it. As he's describing what Bill looks like, I am going to do an illusion to make what his face looks like. So we know what, yeah, like you know, like a sketch. I am trying to so if we are looking for Bill, we know who we're looking for. So a seven foot tall dude, right? And then I was like imagine there being a lot of them. Yeah.
03:14:01
Yes, it was a half giant. Do we happen to remember seeing someone like that at the dock? No, okay, gotcha. So I'll do that to like and I am like altering his face. So we know exactly what they're like. Like okay, while he's getting pressed on sat on red light all this bullshit's happening. Are there any notes in his bag? Uh yes, but. Like, what do you mean? Like any of the notes that he's talked about? Oh, no, no. Okay. Um, So I am just trying to make it look as much like Bill as possible. Okay. All right. I mean, he's not the best at it. I'll get as close to his possible like Yeah, He's got like we're looking for the dude that looks somewhat like this. Yeah, Like the seven foot tall guy with a club leg and a broken nose and broken nose. So Broken nose He's older dude He's really tall. He's got a bum leg, He's got blonde hair.
03:14:57
Yeah, I feel like we got a good description. Where does Bill live? Uh, out on the farm. This is fucking Bill lives on the farm. Yeah, Were we just at Phil's house when we saw those two dudes in that farm? Did any of them look like no? Okay, but a farm that where a island's yeah. No, he said the farm. The farm said the farm. What's the form? Um It's where a lot of the still members work. Well, they they harvest out of that farm. Is there an entrance to the farm from this tunnel? What type of farm? Apple people, I don't like this farm. Bad blood farm. No, The still they remember they make the alcohol here that you guys have been drinking. Oh yeah.
03:15:55
Oh no. The alcohol that's got something in it. Larping. The tech magic has gone off every time. It's true, but it was still like it was like a who is it like truth? We figured out this because I remember, you found the school of magic, and it was supposed to help us tell the truth. Something like that. Okay, no, it was It was growing.
03:16:26
Was it? Yeah, scrying. Not truth. Scrying is watching. Divination is divination You said it was divination there, yeah. You said it because I had this in my notes, because when we had that was to help us tell the truth, It wasn't uh, it wasn't scrying What? No The liquor that you had every time you've been near it. The divination went off Okay. And that was scribing. Okay. The the truth stuff you were talking about, that was from the uh. The guy at the harbor master. The harbor master gotcha. So the harbor master one, okay, all right, because it happened with the harbor master and happened with madam. Yeah yes.
03:17:24
But you didn't have any alcohol at the priestess's house. All the booze in this town is corrupt and tainted. Tainted, it's taint booze. Don't trust the booze. Okay, so we start at the farm at the still. The farm at the still, yeah. All, the more reason to burn this place down to the ground. If it has liquor ;, that'll make sure it goes up faster, still farm at Still.
03:17:55
So that's where you would leave all the the materials you took. Yes. Okay. Alright, so I just want to clarify this. Alright, so they would normally meet up around Black Spire, but they would drop off the stuff by the farm at the still, right? Yeah. Okay, so they I'm guessing they meet up with them, they get all the stuff and then they go take this stuff And through the tunnel, is it through the tunnels? Through the tunnels because they're not walking on land with the oh, through the tunnels. Yes, through the tunnels. Yeah, so they're going with the fish people through the tunnels. Are you asking him or are you asking me? Because I am telling you going through the tunnels is probably most likely way. Okay, if you ask him, yes, it's going through the tunnels. Yeah. So I am like this is.
03:18:49
I guess, seven's doing exposition where he's kind of saying this out loud trying to understand like how this is going on. Yeah, yeah. How long has this been going on? Yeah, yes. How long has this been going on? Uh, at least of three months. Okay. So she's been going back and forth, then or someone's been going back and forth. I feel like Crystal's just standing there, like a finger in his head. Just like out, do it, do it. Fireball right fucking head. Just like itching his nose and like can't get just every so often just picking his nose. So I am trying to i am saying this above table because I am just want to clarify something because we asked the doc master, and he said that he hasn't seen anybody in weeks. Yep, right and.
03:19:48
But this dude's telling us that they've been going back and that she's at least been doing this for three months. Yes, right. So then it seems like with that information, Either the doc master lied to us, or they're somehow getting around the doc master. Or we know there is multiple copies of her. Are there multiple? Is there a copy of her that stays here? Wait, wait, are you so? Just so I am saying this above table, I am not saying this in character. I am going to say this just so to clarify :, the dockmaster hasn't seen like people have come in. Remember, like the Mayweather came in and that other middle ship had come in, dropping goods and receiving goods and leaving with them. They are attacked, but the Mayweather was the only one who reported not being attacked, but they did see a ghost ship. You guys were attacked by a ghost ship.
03:20:41
That was Sylvie's ship. The ghost ship stuff has been going on here for about a number of months. Okay, so your assumption is Sylvie's been here for three months doing ghost ship stuff, bringing stuff in. Okay, that's a problem. So the harbor master wasn't saying like I didn't see S yl vie. ; he never saw Sylvie. Yeah, Sylvie's out there doing bullshit. Yeah, okay, That's what I wanted to make sure this like Let me, make sure I clarify this part. Just so that we're not going back to the harbor master like stabbing him. Yeah, cause we told this Jeff. Yeah, he's got that dude. Yeah, Just gonna just roll his eyes back in the head like a shark and just take him out. Just gonna open that dude's throat up. All right, so we know where the farm is. Wait, do we know what we know? The farm is by the still. Do we know where the still is? Uh, no, okay. Where is this cause? He told us it's a farm. It's by the still. Where is that who has a map?
03:21:40
Pass, you have a map, right? Sebastian. Or this. I don't think I do. The map. No, I saw maps on the wall that I was looking at. And I had the charts from the ocean. I don't know if I ever had a map of the town. Of the town? No, okay. So none of us have a map. You can ask him? Can I look? I'm looking in his bag, do I find a map? No, there's no map. But you can ask him where the still is from Yes! That's what i've been at.
03:22:10
So I punched this dude in his throat. I am like, and I still would have smelled his cat real quick. No, you guys, I actually got a lot of questions of him. Yeah, he is. I am trying to find out where it is. So he not enough to kill him. ; just one good karate chop. So He expresses to you that the still is by the farm. The farm it's by the still; great is outside of town okay It's. Uh, It's probably a fifteen twenty minute walk because they can't have it too close to the town, in case the fumes and everything. But it is a large factory, that they that's how they process everything. Um. And uh, you know that's kind of where, the farm is where they they kind of do everything. Where they bring all the stuff.
03:23:08
Uh, to process so your assumption would be that they're processing it through the still. Some point doesn't have to be right now in the line of questioning, but at some point before we're done, just curious whose handiwork all these drops is. He does not seem to be a arcane wizard. Yeah, somebody who knows how to do this.
03:23:38
Great question. So, there is one on the door right in front of us. Should we just not use the doors and they just only use the tunnel? How many? The doors are permanently locked. Lock all the doors now; you just can't leave. It's one of those, alright? So Sylvie and the whole cult are also making alcohol, or at least whatever they're doing is affecting the alcohol, and the alcohol is a front for. Whatever they're doing, there's nobody else in this town know or care. I poke the dude real quick. Hey, he's talking to you. Um, no, no one realized. I mean, the uh, this is the alcohol is some of the most important export that we have. So why would we? Why would people.
03:24:40
Want to stop using the still, So I think it might be that this still might be the alcohol is the front. They're just using the factory to do whatever nefarious sees that they're doing. How long has this still been open? Um, are you asking that? So a voice from the darkness just. I am like, I am messaging my questions because I am. Yeah, so how long has the still been open? Um, The Gustavs have had it open since like it was part of the founding of the town. Gustavs, all right. So how many other town was founded with the cold stuff on that map? This town is older. Sorry, I am just thinking out loud. Which town?
03:25:36
The town that ruled the city that we were in, that map of like the OG city map had cool stuff on it. I am just talking out loud if this is same origin stories. Could be conspiracy board is getting bigger in my head, so no worries. No worries. All right, so at the farm, what's the defense of the farm look like? People guards? How many numbers? I don't know. How well are they armed? Swords and knives and stuff. Swords and knives and stuff. Yeah. How many of them are there usually? I don't know, it's not my. Who sets your traps? What traps? The door with the active trap on it. The trap you used to blow up the other house. It was your voice, we heard your voice.
03:26:34
I haven't blown up any house. The trap that was on the carpet, the hatch we just came through. Yeah, I haven't used, I haven't set any traps. Who set the traps? What what traps? The doors, yes, like those we know how to go around those. But what do you mean who set up the traps? The ones that you actively go around who's setting those up We, we turn them on. Who's we Or anyone who's working for the still, like we don't mean the okay. I am like impatient now. The hatch in the ground had a trap. Who created the fucking magical glyphs? And I am just yelling in his ear and I am still invisible. I don't, I don't know. There is no magic, we don't have magic. Got that? Who does? I don't know. You better answer the disembodied voice properly.
03:27:33
I don't know. He does not know. There is a way to get like a signature off of these, right? Like no. So hold on, let me understand this better. There is a hatch that's magically imbued here. You somehow go around it down the hatch? Yes, down the hatch. Yeah, how do you bypass that trap? We knock. You knock on it. Yeah, three times. And it disables the trap. That's all we have to do! Yeah! Put my hands on. We almost lost two of our party because we didn't knock! So. Shocking, right? So 'cause I need to understand this better. Stop being rude! Knock before you enter a room.
03:28:32
Good to know, you know. And I like, I hear, I am looking at where I know the voice is. And I go deep breath to somebody's voice. Deep breaths. And, i put my hand on Patch, because I know he probably wants to kill him. Yeah, okay, right? Put my hand over his mouth for like shh You man up! Okay, I am taking his bag. I am taking everything today Oh we're losing shit out of this dude! No, so is there magic on the hatch now? I say to the space next to him, "Yes." Okay, and who put he doesn't know that you guys can't do the hat. I am asking you if t here is magic on it now. Did it reset when we closed it? Now that we've come up here, no. Okay, no. No, he disabled it. Oh, that's right. Okay. No one knocked on the previous in the previous apartment in town yes right.
03:29:28
There was a trapdoor that was glyphed. Yeah. Your voice came out of that trapdoor. Why? Your voice. Why did you come after us in the first place? Did she tell you to? Yeah, they they paid me to tell you to leave them alone. Did you need to come and kill us? With the rest of your. No, I've been here waiting for relief. For how long? A few hours now, like a day or so. You've been here for a day or so, yeah. Okay, so let's i'm gonna timeline this. No hold on i have I have a thought. I have a thought and I'll see it in a second, but I need to hear this first. Okay, you saw us at the bar? Yes okay.
03:30:27
You were paid to tell us to leave. Yes, then when we were leaving to go towards the town, you and your crew came to accost us. No, yes, no, no. I was told to come here and wait till be relieved. And the bell's not ring. The bell's not ring. Okay. Okay.
03:30:57
They still be him, yeah. They did, yeah. He doesn't smell like the corpse. We were cloned also, No, correct. I mean we can you know just make sure so they're cloning people at the farm. I am guessing just like they were doing in the, and they probably sent the clones after to cause us in the in the path to go to the priestess. Can that clones cast magic? No, Then the clones are imperfect in the sense of like I, like I could clone Bastion, but the clone won't be a monk seventh level. If I train the clone to be a wizard, it will be a wizard. Okay. So he says he was there initially; he was told to scare you off, and then he was told so his directions.
03:31:55
Were to scare you off and then to come here and wait for it to be relieved. So when we murdered your friends, cut their heads off, and put them on sticks, you don't know anything about that? Who would you do that to? Why would you do that? Cause you were trying to kill us in the middle of the day. We were trying to just tell you guys to leave. No, people shot arrows at us. That wasn't my guys. And I look at Crystal while she's like, "earmuffs him." Put your hands over his ears. Can you earmuff him? Okay, this is my thing. I agree with Macarius. I think they got Sylvie, So there's a group of them that I think are clones running around that are doing their more nefarious work. So this group was paid to try and scare us off.
03:32:55
Once that didn't work, they sent a duplicate copy of them to try and accost us. We ended up dealing with all of them, but one of them got away. The one that got away looks exactly like this one, right? So that one's still running around. Are the. Did we injure him? Did we like break his leg or something? No, he didn't. You guys did damage to him. No, we didn't. He ran. He straight up. We killed everyone, Else, and he stayed sixty feet away. That's right, and he ran. I sent Quantrill to follow him, and he went to the house. And then he never left the house. And then he never left the house. I know where he went, but thanks, bro! Not wrong okay Do we okay thinking back now and putting these pieces together? Considering that Sal took the heads of these people off and put them on swords. Were they actual heads or clone heads? Now they were heads.
03:33:52
Like, but like meshy mushroom heads or flesh and blood actual people heads. They so the only the clones you dealt with exploded. Okay, so these guys did not. So the people we killed are the actual people, not clones of people. We killed two, well, no, you did one Sylvie, and you blew it up and Sylvie's constantly melted all the Sylvies melted. Yeah And the other clones exploded. Yes, you've never physically dealt with a clone that either didn't explode or wasn't silly. There's something happened blew up or melted. Is this one the clone or is this one the original? The one that we're talking to, you don't know. And would he know? I mean, we can cut him up and find out. Says the disembodied voice, "I am glad his earbuds were right now because that's horrifying. " I was just i am looking like slightly to like over here ; she's like over there. ; like that's horrifying.
03:34:49
I will say this: this place doesn't have the desecrated box of mush. There is no window in here, right? They're coming out the fucking boxes, right? The boxes with the swirl on them—they might be coming out of the boxes. There is no box here. It doesn't smell like old rotting soil. There is no necrotic energy coming out from anything in this room. Not desecrated. Okay, this room that we're in, we see the trap on the front door. Unearmupsing, what's on the other side of this door? Uh, another room. No shit. I crackle my hand with shocking grabbers. Another room now and out is like we play cards in there. Put my brass knuckles on no one no one right now, empty room, Empty room, okay, Is anybody expected to be there? No no.
03:35:49
Where are we in relation to the tab? Yeah, no, there's a window in the back. You said there were no windows in this room. No, it's an identical room to the room. Yeah, you said it was identical with no windows. Did I? Yes, otherwise I would have looked out that window immediately. That's right. Are there windows? No, Okay good Sorry sorry, sorry It's all good Um So like. Shit, I had it. He was like, "No, that's what I am saying." What it was like? No, that's where we play cards. Is no one in there? Okay, is anybody expected to be there anytime soon? Uh, we're supposed i am still waiting to get relieved. Okay, again, is anyone expected to be here anytime soon? No,' expected to be relieved. There was supposed to be a delivery and then that was it. Okay t here is supposed to be a delivery. Yes. When is the delivery supposed to get here.
03:36:43
Later, well, what what day is it? What time time is it? Tell him the day and time. All right, fair enough. So he's like later today. Later today? Yeah, like this afternoon. Like this afternoon. Bell's not going off? No. Gotcha. So you were just gonna sleep it out into this afternoon? I mean you could smell alcohol on him. You're hungover The burnt ships where we tried to make that delivery How much.
03:37:13
Do they give you alcohol? Yeah, how much as much as we want. How much do you drink? A bottle or two. I am assuming the murdering crew of people aren't upset. I am drinking no tarot card. I say, looking at everybody else. How would that work? I don't know, but. I don't think it would matter at this point. But. Maybe you should find a new job.
03:38:12
Yeah, you may need to find a new line of employment. I am leaving this. What you are doing here is not conducive to good health. You are right; I shouldn't drink as much as I do. You shouldn't drink, Nor should you work with the cult of the worm that's clearly trying to take over your town. Don't work with fishmen, don't work with creepy ladies and cults. It's come from darkness, yes, darkness. I believe you understand this is a religion for everybody. The shadows are speaking to him. What happened, Trevor? What about the delivery? Uh, does it's supposed to come today? Where, is it going here? Do, you have the location and where you are taking it to, or just no, No We were supposed to be getting a shipment here that we were supposed to store. Are we from the from the still uh still yeah.
03:39:15
Yeah, uh, it's it's supposed to be like a. Usually, What happens is they they send these boxes here, and they're um and one of us will like pick it up, take it down to the docks and then load it onto a ship, and it goes out. And It's uh just I don't know. It's It's supposed to be like fertilizer that they're sending to different locations. Great. Okay. So the stuff from the farm, from the farm slash still, he's expecting a delivery this afternoon from the farm slash still. Yeah, like a like a crate of fertilizer that we got to move out. Got it. And you take it from the underground? You take it through the underground caverns? Uh, to the docks? No, usually these since.
03:40:12
It's, you know, it's it's just mostly like I said, you know, dirt and fertilizer, nothing really bad about it. We just move it through the streets. No one thinks anything of it so that they have no problem with the chemicals. They do secret in the tunnels. Correct? Yes, okay. And there are brothers in ring or anything like that, right? No, who's delivering the crate today um when when we don't really know who. Delivers. Just they come and then, we're relieved. Um and then. You know the the person moves the stuff. Okay, I, you know, I wasn't supposed to really be here for a while. This, this is actually abnormal. Oh, I'm sorry Tina keep going thank you.
03:41:12
Okay, so. Okay. Yeah, I mean. Would be nice. I'll be happy to leave. Please, let me leave. No, you just can't leave. And I said that with four different octaves from a church minister: "What? Who's gonna miss you?" My mom. That was dark. I swear, if you guys let me go, I won't tell anyone anything. Does the bell ring? No, he's being honest. When did you get that crate first? What crate? The crate that's coming later today. Yeah, it's supposed to be here. It should have been here already. Like I'm assuming it's coming later today because it should have been here yesterday.
03:42:14
Could it have been delivered somewhere else? Uh, it it shouldn't have been. It should have been delivered here unless I got my directions wrong. Is the other house ever a drop-off location for grapes? Yeah, both both houses are.
03:42:45
When did that house get a shipment last? Um, I don't, I don't know. I am not on that schedule. Okay. So how do we get into the still? Uh, go through the farm. Uh, down in the sewers does uh in none sewer sorry in the tunnels. There's a path that you could take. It'll take you up into a shed, um, that they used to store like tools. And from there, you could probably That's how we move stuff through, you know, up into this the still area. Um There's a warehouse on the way to the farm. Yes What's that warehouse used for? Uh That one we used to store stuff in.
03:43:41
But now. Uh, we're told to kind of stay away from there. Just don't go into it. Had they did they what reason did they give you for not going in? Just don't be seen in there. Don't be seen in there? Yeah, like don't go in there. Why is it with the why is it with an S? I like I I I don't know. Like honestly, most of the time we're with those fish guys. They're huge. Have you seen them? Seen a few of them. Yeah, I do eat some bait, but I'm not planning on doing anything when they're around. So we move our stuff, we bring it to where we got to go. Mostly on movement. Does anything get stored from your movements in the warehouse that you're aware of? In the warehouse? No no But I said just don't go in there Don't go in there Okay Okay.
03:44:38
And then we can't, we shouldn't use uh one of the tunnels that's uh the well, for lack of a better term, is the middle finger. We were told not to use that tunnel. Why so late? Yeah, why so much? Where does that go? I don't know. I've never been down that way.
03:45:13
We found hatch. Okay. We got a lot of info at this dude. Uh, and then there's three knocks at the front door, loud knocks. Beautiful. I am going right at the door. Not that door, the outside door. Oh okay And that one doesn't have a trap Was that your delivery? That would be it I'm just gonna stand like next to the door So we got two people that are invisible that could just walk. I am gonna give you your legs back, okay? You are gonna get delivery, okay? You are gonna bring it to us, okay? You do anything else, okay? Our disembodied voices are gonna literally rip your eyeballs out. Okay, and I would much rather you keep your eyeballs in your head. Me too. I don't care. Give him another flag.
03:46:11
What I said, yeah, I don't care. I've actually tried not to kill this dude. I am genuinely trying, right? So it is not like he's actually trying not to kill this guy. So Crystal, do you let him up? Yeah, all right. So he gets up. He slowly walks to the first door that Hop is next to, and he like shimmies around Hop. Question: If I put his bag on, does his bag become visible or just follow the wall? Okay. Um, I think the way I understood invisibility is if you were to take the bag and put it under your clothes, it would be invisible. But if you just put it on, you would have to cast invisibility. Is a big bag? No, it's like a sack. It's like a backpack. As he walks out, I am just going to be like think about how much your mom will miss you. " He's just shaking his head and hop, just like does that like slow blink with just one eye. And then the other one slowly looking at him.
03:47:10
And then he's like, you can see he's like shaken. He gets to the door and he fiddles with it. And then he unlocks it, right? So you hear it click, and then he kind of pulls the door open. There is actually a smaller finger hole underneath the door handle that he can like hook and pull open. So we see how to disable the trap. Yes, okay. So now we know how to disable the traps. Oh, yeah, we're all watching go hard. He walks to the second door, you guys follow him through that door, and then you see again card table looks exactly like the other place. There is two chairs table. This one. Uh, the cards are stacked nicely. Uh there is a few bottles of liquor in here. Uh again, he messes, and then you hear another on the door. He's like, oh he's like oh one second hold on. I was just hold on um.
03:48:10
And then you hear the click, and he opens it. And he's like, "What?" And what Crystal and Celestine see is the guy staring at him. Is it him? It's him. And then they basically clone holds up a hand crossbow, pops the guy in the head. And that's where we'll end it today. Yo!
03:48:40
I got pages and notes. I know. Yo, this was one, two, three, four, five, six, seven pages of notes. Thank you Trevor. I got two and a half. I appreciate you. Good night Rosie. Go to bed Trevor before you fall asleep sir. See ya later.Yeah.All the knowledge, We never even knew his actual name. You don't still know his fucking name was. He's dead now. He's a friendly face, that's all we got. Yo, I saw Hard Knock Life. So I will tell you this: if you had checked the box out, You would have found like the most fucked up guy, he like started to decompose, and he hopped into the box.
03:49:36
They melt. They are like. I make sense because remember we like they either melt or explode. Yeah, that's as far as we know. That's why I kept being like, "The box is weird." The soil in the box. And then he said like, "Hey." I was thinking about it. I was trying to figure out what it was. Yeah, and then he said he was like, "Yo, I got like the delivery of more soil that we have to move." Oh this good. Jared this good. This good Good job team! I appreciate you guys going down the different paths because all of them do go somewhere important. It was just I needed. You guys get to the piers to understand like this stuff is being moved. And then everyone was like, "We're gonna go the other tunnel, but not the piers," and I was like, "No, go the piers! Please!" Just a most important one and like.
03:50:32
I felt like the rule is like you could kind of like change it up, but I was like, I have my notes already where like direction are. So if I start moving everything, like how am I gonna get lost? No, I mean you were good. You even gave the hint on where the paper was going. I just read it wrong. Yeah, because didn't know what was going bad. Yeah, going away right? Being pushed away. No, what got me when he realized is like why'd you across? He said I didn't in my mind was just like, oh, no, it's too fucking close. Yeah and then and then i was just like Hold on, what's your what is your history of events? He goes, "Oh, I saw you at the bar. We told you to leave. Then I came back here. I got drunk and passed out." And I am like, " T hen a motherfucking clone followed this motherfucker that came with a crew of regular dudes." Right? We murdered all the regular dudes and then the clone version of friendly face dipped and it melted because he had to have a specific time. So they're programmed to go into those boxes.
03:51:27
And and turn into goo, And then they send that clone goo to other cities where they can make more clones. I want you to understand invasion of body snatches. Yo, I think Celeste's new like side goal is like learning how to make those glyphs now because she couldn't disarm them. So now it's like, no, I am going to learn how to make this shit. I am going to master it. And this my new thing now. It's like this the hobby that will be my new personality for the day. This is it. I am pulling it out. See, no one's played in this group. You guys just. nobody's polite. Nobody's polite. No, we don't want to touch anything. We might touch anything that you know, my thing great. I have no intention of my exposed those two, by the way, that only works on that only works on the glyphs. The glyphs don't like traps are still trapped this arm trap. Hey, that's what we're figuring it out. Don't like, don't come at me with like, oh, oh.
03:52:26
I thought you said knock it worked. I am like, no, it works on the lips. That was funny though. I am like, fucking kidding this. Yeah, three knocks? Huh? Three knocks? Yo, all of us are like. Ooh! You get up! But everybody. I had five other characters that were playing straight up violence. This character is like. No! I have to disarm magic spell! He failed to disarm magic spell! All we had to do was knock three times, four blows up, two blows up, see, wait four times, one, two, three, i thought it was three It's three. Three, four, you die. Oh, got it. Four die. Got it. So, it's literally three shall be the number of the counting one, two, three Good. Now we know how to disable I, just want to know how the fuck they were getting seventh level spell glyphs on these fucking archers. Hey I will say this There is.
03:54:26
No, it's the stuff that they were pouring on the grizzlers. That was the oh, gotta get it. So you got help with the fog, ghost ship. The ghost ship stuff. Okay, I am gonna say he stole some of that pocketed. Yeah, he's just like a dumb schmuck. Like, you guys are asking him hard questions. Uh like you are looking for middle management? He is nowhere near management. Hey, we got to start somewhere. Well, at one point he was like the leader of his little posse. Yeah, and then it was his voice on the ward. Yeah, no reason not to think it was him. Just a docile yes man who does whatever he's told and just asks questions. You know what? So here is the funny part, right? When, they tried to scare us away the first time, and we were mad diplomatic about it, we didn't kill him immediately. No number right, They stepped to us ;. We were just like yeah We don't give a fuck ;. We're going to do it."
03:55:23
Good luck, he goes. I and then he dipped, but yeah. And his money goes, "Yeah, I did my job." Oh, right? And I am under this like a fuck that dude. He came back around was like, oh, made an example of all of his people. They care right? And, then the dude dips, so t here is a part of me. That's like yo. Why didn't you just try to fight us in the town? Why'd he wait, not the same motherfucker? Yeah. Two different motherfuckers. So he thinks he did a good job of like I warned him, whatever, and then we just show up and start fucking. Yeah, right. Had no idea his friends were there. He goes, "Yo!" And there is a paralysis demon sitting on his chest. This dude blinking weird in the corner. Am I blind? You have like just a reverse oral kind of crawling on that face crazy frog, crazy frog, seven nine, paralysis, demon, crazy frog.
03:56:14
Disembodied voice, I don't know what that is. And nope, I am okay. I am pretty sure. Just like you know, we had the channel sal today because we didn't have him and I think we did. I would say this right now, he's been proud. He did get like he is dead. Like, they the guy opened the door, went bong because that's their mo, they kill them. And because they have the clones, they just keep using clones. Yeah The dude's only been working for like maybe two or three weeks. Yeah So, but I will say this. It was great because we got a lot of information out of this dude. Like, bro, I got a full page just from what he said. I have a full page of notes just from what he said. Full fucking page of notes. So, we're going to see everybody we deal with who's tied to this, maybe a person, maybe a clone. We need to figure out a way to like find the clones, right? Because the um would the sword go off for the clones? No, it only goes off for the worms and.
03:57:11
The clones don't have worms because the clones automatically have to do what people said, what they are programmed to do. Got it? They're not like they're not like I made Bastion. Yeah, it's like Chat GPT. Like it can go and look, it can simulate stuff but only so far. Got it? So a side thing is we got to figure out how to figure out who's a clone milk milk. I don't know. I think that'd be like, "Yo, clones can't drink milk. Drink the milk, motherfucker! Drink the fuck!" Tolerance—that's too bad. If we get a clone, we might not need a golem. There is a clone right there. Yeah, You two—you two are closest to him if we don't. So the witches have the—。
03:58:09
So she said, "She could feel the priestess said she could try, but hers is not guaranteed. Like she has like a twenty five percent chance of success." The witches with their help get you to about seventy five percent. That's why you want to go to the witches. The witches were also going to teach you how to make a proper golem, tiny little, yeah, little monkey so, The witches are also in Black Spire, or is that yes? The witches are not in Black Spire; they are in the swamp. So, Black Spire is like Central Park yeah, it's a zone. There is an actual Black Spire that people have seen, but no one goes near because of like just general like funkiness. Okay, Like people are like yo, and it looks like the best way to describe. It is like you obviously see the top of like a castle, like the spire.
03:59:07
That's it's a black spire, okay? Right, like think like Central Park and you know the pond in Central Park. So imagine Central Park is Black Spire Marsh, and then the pond in that pond is the Black Spire. So it's huge. Yeah, So like the witches are somewhere in that area area. Yeah, right, We know there's some other somewhere in that area as well right So. That's what was weird. I mean, and we also know about their. The farm is still, yes. So the mansion is not near the farm or the still. The mansion, sorry, the wine cellar. The wine cellar, yeah. The wine cellar. We didn't hear that I am going to make it. Have you guys assume that it would be something fancy is not near the still. Okay, yeah, I got that idea. Because if the was pretty, it was fifteen minute walk away. And like this was on. So but yeah.
04:00:06
We know that their factory or whatever they're doing stuff is at the still. Yes, we could fuck up their plans. Yes, and fuck up the still, and that would slow whatever it is that they're making down. Yes, and then try and circle back and kill Sylvie. So or the still sorry will get her to bring her back. The still is not in the black. No, no, it's someplace different. I know okay so Farm, it's a base of operation. Yeah, that's a base of operation. So basically, okay, So the best way to look at it is like this :, where we are right now is like the town, right? So let's say my block is the town. The still is where CVS would be. Okay, okay, not too far. That's where the farm still is where they do all the processing. Right? Black Marsh is where.
04:00:58
The highway is where you guys go onto the highway. Yeah, that's how far it is from the still. But, it would like if you want to look at it like you could like come from the town to the still and then go into the marsh. But the marsh is its own entity, right? Altogether with a black spot. Sylvie might make visits, but she's probably not staying there. But sure, we can still fuck it up. Oh yeah, no fucking plans up so we can get the location of the witches. Well, we already know well, We kind of know where the witches are. We got to go back to the madam. Right, the madam says she's going to tell us. Mind you, I will say this from where you are understanding well, you're not none of the tunnels weren't near them where the madam was. I mean, the closest one will be by the docks. Yeah, but that's like. And we still have to walk a couple blocks. Yeah, that would be like this sewer came out near all this area.
04:01:53
Yeah, everyone this year is a bad guy. Right, so we have no reason to believe that she is. Well, I wouldn't say she's good. No, right? Yeah, yeah. Chaotic neutral. There was nothing pointing to her being. Yeah, I wouldn't say like she's out but she could be a clone. Right? Give her some cheese You gotta figure out how to figure out these puzzles. I am telling you lactose is now the problem Lactate You'd be like yo All right? I am gonna head out This dope. This good Oh man.
04:02:23
Alright, let me help you. No, no, no. Cause behind John I have a black trash bag. I'm just gonna grab it and toss all the trash into it. So don't even worry about it.Oh come on! Scott.I didn't do that.You didn't do that.No, I know. I'm just. I'm joking with you guys.Yeah we got it.Thank you guys.You going that way boys?Oh no, I'm locking the door.Oh!He's like "I'm gonna grab my own ride."Knock two times. Knock three times. Knock three times, yep. Oh my god. Oh, what was the other code word? HP? PC? Oh. Fu? No, no, no. It's um. What's BS? What's BS? Burn Sylvie. Burn Sylvie. Yeah I can't wait for you guys to see the old real Sylvie We haven't seen it yet. No No We won't even see clones. I'm gonna say this. Stalker I'm gonna.
04:03:22
I'm with it. I'm with it. Sylvia's been on vacation. Like, yay, babe, she's green and speaks wizard. Yo, like, all right, clone is on your back. I'm just gonna say this Star Wars because I was like sitting there flipping through the inventory, or whatever, you know, looking like, yeah, what do I want? Okay. Get and I was like, why are there so many laser guns in here? Laser rifle anti-material rifle my god uh I don't think these are from this game. I could be wrong. Oh, this too. How was it, by the way? Mine wasn't bad. Really, really good. Really, really good. It was really good time Yeah, I was just like, oh this heavy, and then I ate it. And it was just like that's good. It was solid, but not overwhelming. And I'm just like oh I felt good Like I felt full Good Right And. It was tasty the entire time. I enjoyed it Mhm Mhm All right party people's Yeah. Let you guys go. So. This amazing Thank you so much for having us. It was a pleasure.
04:04:22
Sir, two weeks or sooner. What was the pleasure? Give love to the family for me. Bye, Jay. Yes, we'll see you later. What was it going to say? Uh, strategic. Oh, when I don't know you got to do it with Charles. I am down, he goes his place is dope It's in Jersey. But like if you do it, i'll I'll cop. I'll pick you up, and then we're going. I am one hundred percent down.
04:04:53
Just boys, have a good night. I'm 100% down.